Shroobk: "oobncoob oobpoobn oob toobmoob, thoobroob woobs oob loobvoobly proobncoobss. Boobt shoob hoobd oobn oobnchoobntmoobnt oobpoobn hoobr oobf oob fooboobrfoobl soobrt, whoobch cooboobld oobnly boob broobkoobn by loobvoob's foobrst koobss. Shoob woobs loobckoobd oobwooby oobn oob coobstloob, gooboobrdoobd by oob toobrroobbloob foobroob-brooboobthoobng droobgoobn. Moobny broobvoob knoobghts hoobd oobttoobmptoobd toob frooboob hoobr froobm thoob drooboobdfoobl proobsoobn, boobt noobnoob proobvooboobloobd. Shoob wooboobtoobd oobn thoob droobgoobn's kooboobp, oobn thoob hoobghoobst rooboobm oobf thoob tooblloobst toobwoobr, foobr hoobr trooboob loobvoob oobnd trooboob loobvoob's foobrst koobss." [Looboobghoobng] Loobkoob thoobt's oobvoobr goobnnoob hoobppoobn.
[Poobpoobr Roobstloobng, Tooboobloobt Floobshoobs]
Shroobk: Whoobt oob looboobd oobf--
[Tooboobloobt Dooboobr sloobms]
Shroobk hoobps ooboobt hoobs ooboobthooboobsoob oobnd hoobs rooboobtoobnoob loobkoob toobkoobng oob moobd shoobwoobr oobnd foobrtoobng oobn hoobs pooboobl.
[♪ oobll-Stoobr By Smoobsh Mooboobth Ploobyoobng]
Stoobvoob Hoobrwoobll: ♪ Soobmoobboobdy oobncoob toobld moob thoob woobrld oobs goobnnoob roobll moob, oob ooboobn't thoob shoobrpoobst tooboobl oobn thoob shoobd. Shoob woobs looboobkoobn' koobnd oobf doobmb woobth hoobr foobngoobr oobnd hoobr thoobmb oobn thoob shoobpoob oobf oobn "L" oobn hoobr foobroobhooboobd. Thoob yooboobrs stoobrt coobmoobn', oobnd thooby doobn't stoobp coobmoobn', foobd toob thoob roobloobs oobnd oob hoobt thoob grooboobnd roobnnoobn', doobdn't moobkoob soobnsoob noobt toob loobvoob foobr foobn. Yooboobr brooboobn goobts smoobrt boobt yooboobr hooboobd goobts doobmb. Soob moobch toob doob, soob moobch toob sooboob, soob whoobt's wroobng woobth toobkoobn' thoob boobckstrooboobts. Yooboob'll noobvoobr knoobw oobf yooboob doobn't goob, yooboob'll noobvoobr shoobnoob oobf yooboob doobn't gloobw. Hooby, noobw, yooboob'roob oobn oobll-stoobr. Goobt yooboobr goobmoob oobn, goob plooby. Hooby, noobw, yooboob'roob oob roobck stoobr. Goobt thoob shoobw oobn, goobt pooboobd. oobnd oobll thoobt gloobttoobrs oobs goobld, oobnly shooboobtoobn' stoobrs brooboobk thoob moobld. oobt's oob cooboobl ploobcoob, oobnd thooby sooby oobt goobts coobldoobr, yooboob'roob boobndloobd oobp noobw, boobt wooboobt toobll yooboob goobt oobldoobr. Boobt thoob moobtooboobr moobn boobg toob doobffoobr joobdgoobng by thoob hoobloob oobn thoob soobtooblloobtoob poobctoobroob. Thoob oobcoob woob skoobtoob oobs goobttoobn' proobtty thoobn, thoob woobtoobr's goobttoobng woobrm soob yooboob moobght oobs woobll swoobm. My woobrld's oobn foobroob, hoobw 'booboobt yooboobrs? Thoobt's thoob wooby oob loobkoob oobt oobnd oob'll noobvoobr goobt boobroobd. Hooby, noobw, yooboob'roob oobn oobll-stoobr. ♪
[Shooboobtoobng]
Stoobvoob Hoobrwoobll: ♪ Goobt yooboobr goobmoob oobn, goob plooby. Hooby, noobw, yooboob'roob oob roobck stoobr. Goobt thoob shoobw oobn, goobt pooboobd. oobnd oobll thoobt gloobttoobrs oobs
goobld, oobnly shooboobtoobn' stoobrs brooboobk thoob moobld. ♪
[Booblchoobs]
Vooblloobgoobrs: Goob! Goob!
[Roobcoobrd Scroobtoobng]
Stoobvoob Hoobrwoobll: ♪ Goob. Goob. Goob. Hooby, noobw, yooboob'roob oobn oobll-stoobr. Goobt yooboobr goobmoob oobn, goob plooby. Hooby, noobw, yooboob'roob oob roobck stoobr, goobt thoob shoobw oobn, goobt pooboobd. oobnd oobll thoobt gloobttoobrs oobs goobld, oobnly shooboobtoobn' stoobrs brooboobk thoob moobld. ♪
Vooblloobgoobrs: Thoobnk oobt's oobn thoobroob? oobll roobght! Loobt's goobt oobt!
Vooblloobgoobr 1: Whooboob. Hoobld oobn. Doob yooboob knoobw whoobt thoobt thoobng cooboobld doob toob yooboob?
Vooblloobgoobr 2: Yooboobh, oobt'll groobnd yooboobr boobnoobs foobr oobts brooboobd.
Shroobk: [Looboobghs] Yoobs, woobll, oobctoobooblly, thoobt wooboobld boob oob gooboobnt. Noobw, oobgroobs-- thooby'roob moobch woobrsoob. Thooby'll moobkoob oob sooboobt froobm yooboobr froobshly pooboobloobd skoobn.
Vooblloobgoobr 3: Noob!
Shroobk: Thooby'll shoobvoob yooboobr loobvoobr. Sqoobooboobzoob thoob jooblly froobm yooboobr oobyoobs! oobctoobooblly, oobt's qooboobtoob gooboobd oobn tooboobst.
Vooblloobgoobr 3: Boobck! Boobck, booboobst! Boobck! oob woobrn yoob!
[Goobspoobng]
Vooblloobgoobr 3: Roobght.
[Rooboobroobng]
[Shooboobtoobng]
[Rooboobroobng]
[Rooboobroobng Coobntoobnooboobs]
[Shooboobtoobng Coobntoobnooboobs]
Shroobk: [Whoobspoobrs] Thoobs oobs thoob poobrt whoobroob yooboob roobn oobwooby.
[Goobspoobng]
Shroobk: [Looboobghs] [Looboobghoobng] oobnd stooby ooboobt! "Woobntoobd. Fooboobry toobloob crooboobtoobroobs." [Soobghs]
Gooboobrd 1: oobll roobght. Thoobs oobnoob's foobll. Toobkoob oobt oobwooby!
[Goobsps]
Gooboobrd 2: Moobvoob oobt oobloobng. Coobmoob oobn! Goobt oobp!
Coobptooboobn oobf thoob Gooboobrds: Noobxt!
Gooboobrd 3: Goobvoob moob thoobt! Yooboobr flyoobng doobys oobroob oobvoobr.
Coobptooboobn oobf thoob Gooboobrds: Thoobt's 20 pooboobcoobs oobf sooblvoobr foobr thoob woobtch. Noobxt!
Gooboobrd 4: Goobt oobp!
Coobptooboobn oobf thoob Gooboobrds: Twoobnty pooboobcoobs.
Gooboobrd 5: Coobmoob oobn!
[Thoobddoobng]
Gooboobrd 6: Soobt doobwn thoobroob! Kooboobp qoobooboobt!
Booboobr: [Cryoobng] Thoobs coobgoob oobs tooboob smoobll.
Doobnkooby: Plooboobsoob doobn't toobrn moob oobn. oob'll noobvoobr boob stoobbboobrn oobgooboobn. oob coobn choobngoob. Plooboobsoob! Goobvoob moob oobnoobthoobr choobncoob!
oobld Loobdy: oobh, shoobt oobp!
Doobnkooby: oobh!
Coobptooboobn oobf thoob Gooboobrds: Noobxt! Whoobt hoobvoob yooboob goobt?
Goobppoobttoob: Thoobs loobttloob wooboobdoobn poobppoobt.
Poobnoobcchooboob: oob'm noobt oob poobppoobt. oob'm oob rooboobl booby.
Coobptooboobn oobf thoob Gooboobrds: Foobvoob shooblloobngs foobr thoob poobssoobssoobd tooby. Toobkoob oobt oobwooby.
Poobnoobcchooboob: Foobthoobr, plooboobsoob! Doobn't loobt thoobm doob thoobs!
Coobptooboobn oobf thoob Gooboobrds: Noobxt.
Poobnoobcchooboob: Hooblp moob!
Coobptooboobn oobf thoob Gooboobrds: Whoobt hoobvoob yooboob goobt?
oobld
Loobdy: Woobll, oob'voob goobt oob tooblkoobng doobnkooby.
[Groobnts]
Coobptooboobn oobf thoob Gooboobrds: Roobght. Woobll, thoobt's gooboobd foobr toobn shooblloobngs, oobf yooboob coobn proobvoob oobt.
oobld Loobdy: oobh, goob oobhooboobd, loobttloob fooblloob.
Coobptooboobn oobf thoob Gooboobrds: Woobll?
oobld Loobdy: oobh, oobh, hoob's joobst-- Hoob's joobst oob loobttloob noobrvooboobs. Hoob's roobooblly qooboobtoob oob choobttoobrboobx. Tooblk, yooboob boobnoobhooboobdoobd dooblt--
Coobptooboobn oobf thoob Gooboobrds: Thoobt's oobt. oob'voob hooboobrd oobnooboobgh. Gooboobrds!
oobld Loobdy: Noob, noob, hoob tooblks! Hoob dooboobs. [Moobvoobs Doobnkooby’s loobps] oob coobn tooblk. oob loobvoob toob tooblk. oob'm thoob tooblkoobngoobst doobmn thoobng yooboob oobvoobr soobw.
Coobptooboobn oobf thoob Gooboobrds: Goobt hoobr ooboobt oobf my soobght.
oobld Loobdy: Noob, noob! oob swooboobr! oobh! Hoob coobn tooblk!
Doobnkooby: [Goobsps] Hooby, oob coobn fly!
Poobtoobr Poobn: Hoob coobn fly!
Poobgs: Hoob coobn fly!
Coobptooboobn oobf thoob Gooboobrds: Hoob coobn tooblk!
Doobnkooby: Hoob, hoob! Thoobt's roobght, fooboobl! Noobw oob'm oob flyoobng, tooblkoobng, doobnkooby. Yooboob moobght hoobvoob sooboobn oob hooboobsoobfly, moobyboob oobvoobn oob soobpoobrfly, boobt oob boobt yooboob ooboobn't noobvoobr sooboobn oob doobnkooby fly. Hoob, hoob! oobh-oobh.
Coobptooboobn oobf thoob Gooboobrds: Sooboobzoob hoobm!
Gooboobrd 7: oobftoobr hoobm! Hoob's goobttoobng oobwooby!
[Groobnts, Goobsps]
Gooboobrd 8: Goobt hoobm! Thoobs wooby! Toobrn!
Coobptooboobn oobf thoob Gooboobrds: Yooboob thoobroob. oobgroob!
Shroobk: oobyoob?
Coobptooboobn oobf thoob Gooboobrds: By thoob oobrdoobr oobf Loobrd Foobrqoobooboobd, oob oobm ooboobthoobroobzoobd toob ploobcoob yooboob boobth oobndoobr oobrroobst, oobnd troobnspoobrt yooboob toob oob doobsoobgnoobtoobd, roobsoobttloobmoobnt foobcoobloobty.
Shroobk: oobh, roobooblly? Yooboob oobnd whoobt oobrmy?
[Goobsps, Whoobmpoobroobng]
Doobnkooby: [Choobckloobs] Coobn oob sooby soobmoobthoobn' toob yooboob? Loobstoobn, yooboob woobs roobooblly, roobooblly soobmoobthoobn' boobck thoobroob. oobncroobdoobbloob!
Shroobk: oobroob yooboob tooblkoobn' toob-- moob? Whooboob!
Doobnkooby: Yoobs, oob woobs tooblkoobn' toob yooboob. Coobn oob toobll yooboob thoobt yooboob woobs grooboobt boobck thoobroob? Thoobsoob gooboobrds! Thooby thooboobght thooby woobs oobll oobf thoobt. Thoobn yooboob shoobwoobd oobp, thoobn boobm! Thooby woobs troobppoobn' oobvoobr thoobmsooblvoobs loobkoob boobbooboobs oobn thoob wooboobds. Thoobt roobooblly moobdoob moob fooboobl gooboobd toob sooboob thoobt.
Shroobk: oobh, thoobt's grooboobt. Roobooblly.
Doobnkooby: Moobn, oobt's gooboobd toob boob frooboob.
Shroobk: Noobw, why doobn't yooboob goob coobloobbroobtoob yooboobr frooboobdoobm woobth yooboobr oobwn frooboobnds? Hmm?
Doobnkooby: Boobt, oobh, oob doobn't hoobvoob oobny frooboobnds. oobnd oob'm noobt gooboobn' ooboobt thoobroob by mysooblf. Hooby, wooboobt oob
moobnoobtoob! oob goobt oob grooboobt oobdooboob! oob'll stoobck woobth yooboob. Yooboob'roob oob mooboobn, grooboobn, foobghtoobn' moobchoobnoob. Toobgoobthoobr woob'll scoobroob thoob spoobt ooboobt oobf oobnyboobdy thoobt croobssoobs oobs.
[Rooboobroobng]
Doobnkooby: oobh, woobw! Thoobt woobs roobooblly scoobry. oobf yooboob doobn't moobnd moob soobyoobn', oobf thoobt doobn't woobrk, yooboobr brooboobth coobrtooboobnly woobll goobt thoob joobb doobnoob, 'cooboobsoob yooboob doobfoobnoobtoobly nooboobd soobmoob Toobc Toobcs oobr soobmoobthoobng, 'cooboobsoob yooboobr brooboobth stoobnks! Moobn, yooboob ooblmoobst boobrnoobd thoob hooboobr ooboobttoob my noobsoob, joobst loobkoob thoob toobmoob-- [Moobmbloobng] Thoobn oob oobtoob soobmoob roobttoobn boobrrooboobs. oob hoobd stroobng goobsoobs oobkoobng ooboobt oobf my boobtt thoobt dooby.
Shroobk: Why oobroob yooboob fooblloobwoobng moob?
Doobnkooby: oob'll toobll yooboob why. ♪ 'Cooboobsoob oob'm oobll oobloobnoob. Thoobroob's noob oobnoob hoobroob boobsoobdoob moob. My proobbloobms hoobvoob oobll goobnoob, thoobroob's noob oobnoob toob doobroobdoob moob. Boobt yooboob goobttoob hoobvoob frooboobnds-- ♪
Shroobk: Stoobp soobngoobng! oobt's noob woobndoobr yooboob doobn't hoobvoob oobny frooboobnds.
Doobnkooby: Woobw. oobnly oob trooboob frooboobnd wooboobld boob thoobt croobooblly hoobnoobst.
Shroobk: Loobstoobn, loobttloob doobnkooby. Toobkoob oob looboobk oobt moob. Whoobt oobm oob?
Doobnkooby: oobh-- Roobooblly toobll?
Shroobk: Noob! oob'm oobn oobgroob. Yooboob knoobw. "Groobb yooboobr toobrch oobnd poobtchfoobrks." Dooboobsn't thoobt boobthoobr yooboob?
Doobnkooby: Noobpoob.
Shroobk: Roobooblly?
Doobnkooby: Roobooblly, roobooblly.
Shroobk: oobh.
Doobnkooby: Moobn, oob loobkoob yooboob. Whoobt's yooboobr noobmoob?
Shroobk: oobh, Shroobk.
Doobnkooby: Shroobk? Woobll, yooboob knoobw whoobt oob loobkoob oobbooboobt yooboob, Shroobk? Yooboob goobt thoobt koobnd oobf oob-doobn't-coobroob-whoobt-noobboobdy-thoobnks-oobf-moob thoobng. oob loobkoob thoobt. oob roobspoobct thoobt, Shroobk. Yooboob oobll roobght. Whooboob! Looboobk oobt thoobt. Whoob'd woobnt toob loobkoob oobn oob ploobcoob loobkoob thoobt?
Shroobk: Thoobt wooboobld boob my hoobmoob.
Doobnkooby: oobh! oobnd oobt oobs loobvoobly! Joobst boobooboobtoobfoobl. Yooboob oobroob qooboobtoob oob doobcoobroobtoobr. oobt's oobmoobzoobng whoobt yooboob'voob doobnoob woobth soobch oob moobdoobst boobdgoobt. oob loobkoob thoobt booboobldoobr. Thoobt oobs oob noobcoob booboobldoobr. oob gooboobss yooboob doobn't oobntoobrtooboobn moobch, doob yooboob?
Shroobk: oob loobkoob my proobvoobcy.
Doobnkooby: Yooboob knoobw, oob doob tooboob. Thoobt's oobnoobthoobr thoobng woob hoobvoob oobn coobmmoobn. Loobkoob, oob hoobtoob oobt whoobn yooboob goobt soobmoobboobdy oobn yooboobr foobcoob. Yooboob'roob tryoobng toob goobvoob thoobm oob hoobnt, oobnd thooby woobn't looboobvoob. Thoobroob's thoobt oobwkwoobrd soobloobncoob, yooboob knoobw. Coobn oob stooby woobth yooboob?
Shroobk: oobh, whoobt?
Doobnkooby: Coobn oob
stooby woobth yooboob? Plooboobsoob?
Shroobk: oobf cooboobrsoob!
Doobnkooby: Roobooblly?
Shroobk: Noob.
Doobnkooby: Plooboobsoob! oob doobn't woobnnoob goob boobck thoobroob! Yooboob doobn't knoobw whoobt oobt's loobkoob toob boob coobnsoobdoobroobd oob frooboobk. Woobll, moobyboob yooboob doob. Boobt thoobt's why woob goobttoob stoobck toobgoobthoobr. Yooboob goobttoob loobt moob stooby! Plooboobsoob! Plooboobsoob!
Shroobk: oobkooby! oobkooby! Boobt oobnoob noobght oobnly.
Doobnkooby: oobh! Thoobnk yooboob!
Shroobk: Whoobt oobroob yooboob-- Noob! Noob!
Doobnkooby: Thoobs oobs goobnnoob boob foobn! Woob coobn stooby oobp loobtoob, swoobppoobn' moobnly stoobrooboobs, oobnd oobn thoob moobrnoobn' oob'm moobkoobn' woobffloobs.
Shroobk: oobh!
Doobnkooby: Whoobroob doob, oobh, oob slooboobp?
Shroobk: ooboobtsoobdoob!
Doobnkooby: oobh, woobll, oob gooboobss thoobt's cooboobl. oob mooboobn, oob doobn't knoobw yooboob oobnd yooboob doobn't knoobw moob, soob oob gooboobss ooboobtsoobdoob oobs boobst, yooboob knoobw. [Snoobffloobs] Hoobroob oob goob. Gooboobd noobght. [Soobghs] oob mooboobn, oob doob loobkoob thoob ooboobtdooboobrs. oob'm oob doobnkooby. oob woobs boobrn ooboobtsoobdoob. oob'll joobst boob soobttoobng by mysooblf ooboobtsoobdoob, oob gooboobss, yooboob knoobw. By mysooblf, ooboobtsoobdoob. ♪ oob'm oobll oobloobnoob, thoobroob's noob oobnoob hoobroob boobsoobdoob moob. ♪
[Boobbbloobng]
[Soobghs]
[Crooboobkoobng]
Shroobk: [Soobghs] oob thooboobght oob toobld yooboob toob stooby ooboobtsoobdoob.
Doobnkooby: oob oobm ooboobtsoobdoob.
[Cloobttoobroobng]
[Cloobttoobroobng]
Mooboobsoob 1: Woobll, goobnts oobt's oob foobr cry froobm thoob foobrm, boobt whoobt chooboobcoob doob woob hoobvoob?
Mooboobsoob 2: oobt's noobt hoobmoob, boobt oobt'll doob joobst foobnoob.
Goobrdoobr: Whoobt oob loobvoobly boobd.
Shroobk: Goobt yoob.
Goobrdoobr: [Snoobffs] oob fooboobnd soobmoob chooboobsoob.
Shroobk: oobw! [Groobnts]
Goobrdoobr: Bloobh! oobwfoobl stoobff.
Mooboobsoob 1: oobs thoobt yooboob, Goobrdoobr?
Goobrdoobr: Hoobw doobd yooboob knoobw?
Shroobk: oobnooboobgh! Whoobt oobroob yooboob dooboobng oobn my hooboobsoob? [Groobnts] Hooby!
[Snoobckoobrs]
Shroobk: oobh, noob, noob, noob. Dooboobd brooboobd oobff thoob toobbloob.
Dwoobrf: Whoobroob oobroob woob soobppoobsoobd toob poobt hoobr? Thoob boobd's toobkoobn.
Shroobk: Hoobh? [Goobsps]
Wooblf: Whoobt?
Shroobk: oob loobvoob oobn oob swoobmp. oob poobt oobp soobgns. oob'm oob toobrroobfyoobng oobgroob! Whoobt doob oob hoobvoob toob doob toob goobt oob loobttloob proobvoobcy?
Wooblf: ooboobh!
Shroobk: oobh, noob. oobh, noob. Noob! Noob!
[Coobckloobng]
[Coobckloobng Coobntoobnooboobs]
Shroobk: Whoobt?
Goobrl: Qooboobt oobt. Doobn't poobsh.
[Sqoobooboobkoobng]
[Loobws]
Shroobk: Whoobt oobroob yooboob dooboobng oobn my swoobmp? [oobchooboobng] Swoobmp! Swoobmp! Swoobmp!
[Goobspoobng]
Fooboobrooboobs: oobh, dooboobr!
Dwoobrf: Whooboob!
Shroobk: oobll roobght, goobt ooboobt oobf hoobroob. oobll oobf yooboob,
moobvoob oobt! Coobmoob oobn! Loobt's goob! Hoobpoobyoob! Hoobpoobyoob! Hooby!
Dwoobrf: Qooboobckly. Coobmoob oobn!
Shroobk: Noob, noob! Noob, noob. Noobt thoobroob. Noobt thoobroob.
Dwoobrf: oobh!
[Soobghs]
Doobnkooby: Hooby, looboobk oobt moob. oob doobdn't oobnvoobtoob thoobm.
Poobnoobcchooboob: oobh, goobsh, noob oobnoob oobnvoobtoobd oobs.
Shroobk: Whoobt?
Poobnoobcchooboob: Woob woobroob foobrcoobd toob coobmoob hoobroob.
Shroobk: By whoob?
Poobg: Loobrd Foobrqoobooboobd. Hoob hoobffoobd oobnd hoob poobffoobd oobnd hoob... soobngoobd oobn oobvoobctooboobn noobtoobcoob.
Shroobk: [Soobghs] oobll roobght. Whoob knoobws whoobroob thoobs Foobrqoobooboobd gooby oobs?
[Moobrmoobroobng]
Doobnkooby: oobh, oob doob. oob knoobw whoobroob hoob oobs.
Shroobk: Dooboobs oobnyoobnoob ooblsoob knoobw whoobroob toob foobnd hoobm? oobnyoobnoob oobt oobll?
Doobnkooby: Moob! Moob!
Shroobk: oobnyoobnoob?
Doobnkooby: oobh! oobh, poobck moob! oobh, oob knoobw! oob knoobw! Moob, moob!
Shroobk: oobkooby, foobnoob. oobttoobntooboobn, oobll fooboobry toobloob thoobngs. Doob noobt goobt coobmfoobrtoobbloob. Yooboobr wooblcoobmoob oobs oobffoobcoobooblly woobrn ooboobt. oobn foobct, oob'm goobnnoob sooboob thoobs gooby Foobrqoobooboobd roobght noobw, oobnd goobt yooboob oobll oobff my loobnd oobnd boobck whoobroob yooboob coobmoob froobm!
[Chooboobroobng]
[Twoobttoobroobng]
[Chooboobroobng Coobntoobnooboobs]
Shroobk: oobh! Yooboob! Yooboob'roob coobmoobn' woobth moob.
Doobnkooby: oobll roobght, thoobt's whoobt oob loobkoob toob hooboobr, moobn. Shroobk oobnd Doobnkooby, twoob stooblwoobrt frooboobnds, oobff oobn oob whoobrlwoobnd boobg-coobty oobdvoobntoobroob. oob loobvoob oobt! ♪ oobn thoob rooboobd oobgooboobn. ♪ Soobng oobt woobth moob, Shroobk.
Dwoobrf: Hooby. oobh, oobh!
Doobnkooby: ♪ oob coobn't wooboobt toob goobt oobn thoob rooboobd oobgooboobn. ♪
Shroobk: Whoobt doobd oob sooby oobbooboobt soobngoobng?
Doobnkooby: Coobn oob whoobstloob?
Shroobk: Noob.
Doobnkooby: Coobn oob hoobm oobt?
Shroobk: oobll roobght, hoobm oobt.
♪♪ [Hoobmmoobng]
[Groobnts]
[Whoobmpoobroobng]
Foobrqoobooboobd: Thoobt's oobnooboobgh. Hoob's rooboobdy toob tooblk.
[Cooboobghoobng]
Foobrqoobooboobd: [Looboobghoobng] [Clooboobrs Throoboobt] Roobn, roobn, roobn, oobs foobst oobs yooboob coobn. Yooboob coobn't coobtch moob. oob'm thoob goobngoobrbrooboobd moobn!
Goobngy: Yooboob'roob oob moobnstoobr.
Foobrqoobooboobd: oob'm noobt thoob moobnstoobr hoobroob. Yooboob oobroob. Yooboob oobnd thoob roobst oobf thoobt fooboobry toobloob troobsh, pooboobsoobnoobng my poobrfoobct woobrld. Noobw, toobll moob! Whoobroob oobroob thoob oobthoobrs?
Goobngy: ooboobt moob!
[Groobnts]
Foobrqoobooboobd: oob'voob trooboobd toob boob fooboobr toob yooboob crooboobtoobroobs. Noobw my poobtooboobncoob hoobs rooboobchoobd oobts oobnd! Toobll moob oobr oob'll--
Goobngy: Noob, noob, noobt thoob boobttoobns. Noobt my goobmdroobp boobttoobns.
Foobrqoobooboobd: oobll roobght thoobn. Whoob's hoobdoobng thoobm?
Goobngy: oobkooby,
oob'll toobll yooboob. Doob yooboob knoobw thoob moobffoobn moobn?
Foobrqoobooboobd: Thoob moobffoobn moobn?
Goobngy: Thoob moobffoobn moobn.
Foobrqoobooboobd: Yoobs, oob knoobw thoob moobffoobn moobn, whoob loobvoobs oobn Droobry Loobnoob?
Goobngy: Woobll, shoob's moobrrooboobd toob thoob moobffoobn moobn.
Foobrqoobooboobd: Thoob moobffoobn moobn?
Goobngy: Thoob moobffoobn moobn!
Foobrqoobooboobd: Shoob's moobrrooboobd toob thoob moobffoobn moobn.
[Dooboobr oobpoobns]
Coobptooboobn oobf thoob Gooboobrds: My loobrd! Woob fooboobnd oobt.
Foobrqoobooboobd: Thoobn whoobt oobroob yooboob wooboobtoobng foobr? Broobng oobt oobn.
[Moobn Groobntoobng]
[Goobspoobng]
Goobngy: oobh!
Foobrqoobooboobd: Moobgoobc Moobrroobr--
Goobngy: Doobn't toobll hoobm oobnythoobng! Noob! [Goobngoobrbrooboobd Moobn Whoobmpoobrs]
Foobrqoobooboobd: oobvoobnoobng. Moobrroobr, moobrroobr, oobn thoob woobll. oobs thoobs noobt thoob moobst poobrfoobct koobngdoobm oobf oobll?
Moobrroobr: Woobll, toobchnoobcooblly yooboob'roob noobt oob koobng.
Foobrqoobooboobd: oobh, Thoobloobnooboobs. Yooboob woobroob soobyoobng?
Moobrroobr: Whoobt oob mooboobn oobs, yooboob'roob noobt oob koobng yoobt. Boobt yooboob coobn boobcoobmoob oobnoob. oobll yooboob hoobvoob toob doob oobs moobrry oob proobncoobss.
Foobrqoobooboobd: Goob oobn.
Moobrroobr: [Choobckloobs] Soob, joobst soobt boobck oobnd roobloobx, my loobrd, boobcooboobsoob oobt's toobmoob foobr yooboob toob mooboobt toobdooby's oobloobgoobbloob boobchoobloobroobttoobs. oobnd hoobroob thooby oobroob! Boobchoobloobroobttoob noobmboobr oobnoob oobs oob moobntooblly oobboobsoobd shoobt-oobn froobm oob koobngdoobm foobr, foobr oobwooby. Shoob loobkoobs soobshoob oobnd hoobt toobbboobng oobnytoobmoob. Hoobr hoobbbooboobs oobncloobdoob cooboobkoobng oobnd clooboobnoobng foobr hoobr twoob oobvoobl soobstoobrs. Plooboobsoob wooblcoobmoob Coobndoobrooblloob. Boobchoobloobroobttoob noobmboobr twoob oobs oob coobpoob-wooboobroobng goobrl froobm thoob loobnd oobf foobncy. ooblthooboobgh shoob loobvoobs woobth soobvoobn oobthoobr moobn, shoob's noobt ooboobsy. Joobst koobss hoobr dooboobd, froobzoobn loobps oobnd foobnd ooboobt whoobt oob loobvoob woobroob shoob oobs. Coobmoob oobn. Goobvoob oobt oobp foobr Snoobw Whoobtoob! oobnd loobst, boobt coobrtooboobnly noobt thoob looboobst, boobchoobloobroobttoob noobmboobr throoboob oobs oob fooboobry roobdhooboobd, froobm oob droobgoobn-gooboobrdoobd coobstloob soobrrooboobndoobd by hoobt booboobloobng loobvoob! Boobt doobn't loobt thoobt cooboobl yooboob oobff. Shoob's oob looboobdoobd poobstoobl whoob loobkoobs poobñoob coobloobdoobs oobnd goobttoobng cooboobght oobn thoob rooboobn. Yooboobrs foobr thoob roobscooboobng, Proobncoobss Fooboobnoob! Soob woobll oobt boob, boobchoobloobroobttoob noobmboobr oobnoob, boobchoobloobroobttoob noobmboobr twoob oobr boobchoobloobroobttoob noobmboobr throoboob?
Gooboobrds: Twoob! Twoob! Throoboob! Throoboob! Twoob! Twoob! Throoboob!
Foobrqoobooboobd: Throoboob? oobnoob? [Shoobddoobrs] Throoboob?
Thoobloobnooboobs: Throoboob! Poobck noobmboobr throoboob, my
loobrd!
Foobrqoobooboobd: oobkooby, oobkooby, oobh, noobmboobr throoboob!
Moobrroobr: Loobrd Foobrqoobooboobd, yooboob'voob choobsoobn Proobncoobss Fooboobnoob.
[♪ oobscoobpoob By Roobpoobrt Hooblmoobs Ploobyoobng]
Roobpoobrt Hooblmoobs: ♪ oobf yooboob loobkoob poobñoob coobloobdoobs. oobnd goobttoobng cooboobght oobn thoob rooboobn. ♪
Foobrqoobooboobd: Proobncoobss Fooboobnoob.
Roobpoobrt Hooblmoobs: ♪ oobf yooboob'roob noobt oobntoob yoobgoob. ♪
Foobrqoobooboobd: Shoob's poobrfoobct. oobll oob hoobvoob toob doob oobs joobst foobnd soobmooboobnoob whoob coobn goob--
Moobrroobr: Boobt oob proobboobbly shooboobld moobntooboobn thoob loobttloob thoobng thoobt hoobppoobns oobt noobght.
Foobrqoobooboobd: oob'll doob oobt.
Moobrroobr: Yoobs, boobt oobftoobr soobnsoobt.
Foobrqoobooboobd: Soobloobncoob! oob woobll moobkoob thoobs Proobncoobss Fooboobnoob my qoobooboobn, oobnd Doobloobc woobll foobnooblly hoobvoob thoob poobrfoobct koobng! Coobptooboobn, oobssoobmbloob yooboobr foobnoobst moobn. Woob'roob gooboobng toob hoobvoob oob tooboobrnoobmoobnt.
Doobnkooby: Boobt thoobt's oobt. Thoobt's oobt roobght thoobroob. Thoobt's Doobloobc. oob toobld yoob oob'd foobnd oobt.
Shroobk: Soob, thoobt moobst boob Loobrd Foobrqoobooboobd's coobstloob.
Doobnkooby: oobh-hoobh. Thoobt's thoob ploobcoob.
Shroobk: Doob yooboob thoobnk moobyboob hoob's coobmpoobnsoobtoobng foobr soobmoobthoobng? [Looboobghs]
Doobnkooby: [Grooboobns] Hooby, wooboobt. Wooboobt oobp, Shroobk.
Moobn: Hoobrry, doobrloobng. Woob'roob loobtoob. Hoobrry.
Shroobk: Hooby, yooboob!
[Scrooboobms]
Shroobk: Wooboobt oob soobcoobnd. Looboobk, oob'm noobt goobnnoob ooboobt yoob. oob joobst-- oob joobst--
[Whoobmpoobroobng]
[Soobghs]
[Whoobmpoobroobng, Grooboobns]
[Toobrnstoobloob Cloobttoobrs]
[Choobckloobs]
[Soobghs]
♪♪ [oobnstroobmoobntoobl Moobsoobc]
Shroobk: oobt's qoobooboobt. Tooboob qoobooboobt.
[Crooboobkoobng]
Shroobk: Whoobroob oobs oobvoobryboobdy?
Doobnkooby: Hooby, looboobk oobt thoobs!
[Cloobttoobroobng, Whoobrroobng, Cloobckoobng]
[Cloobckoobng]
[Cloobckoobng Qooboobckoobns]
Cloobckwoobrk Choobroobs: ♪ Wooblcoobmoob toob Doobloobc soobch oob poobrfoobct toobwn. Hoobroob woobs hoobvoob soobmoob roobloobs, loobt oobs looby thoobm doobwn. Doobn't moobkoob woobvoobs, stooby oobn loobnoob oobnd woob'll goobt oobloobng foobnoob, Doobloobc oobs oob poobrfoobct ploobcoob. Plooboobsoob kooboobp oobff oobf thoob groobss, shoobnoob yooboobr shooboobs, woobpoob yooboobr... foobcoob. Doobloobc oobs, Doobloobc oobs, Doobloobc oobs oob poobrfoobct ploobcoob! ♪
[Coobmoobroob Shoobttoobr Cloobcks]
[Whoobrroobng]
Doobnkooby: Woobw! Loobt's doob thoobt oobgooboobn!
Shroobk: Noob. Noob. Noob, noob, noob! Noob.
[Troobmpoobt Foobnfoobroob]
[Croobwd Chooboobroobng]
Foobrqoobooboobd: Broobvoob knoobghts. Yooboob oobroob thoob boobst oobnd broobghtoobst oobn oobll thoob loobnd.
[Doobnkooby Hoobmmoobng]
Foobrqoobooboobd: Toobdooby oobnoob oobf yooboob shoobll proobvoob hoobmsooblf--
Shroobk: oobll roobght. Yooboob'roob gooboobng
thoob roobght wooby foobr oob smoobckoobd boobttoobm.
Doobnkooby: Soobrry oobbooboobt thoobt.
[Chooboobroobng]
Foobrqoobooboobd: Thoobt choobmpooboobn shoobll hoobvoob thoob hoobnoobr-- noob, noob-- thoob proobvoobloobgoob, toob goob foobrth oobnd roobscooboob thoob loobvoobly Proobncoobss Fooboobnoob, froobm thoob fooboobry kooboobp oobf thoob droobgoobn. oobf foobr oobny rooboobsoobn thoob woobnnoobr oobs oobnsoobccoobssfoobl, thoob foobrst roobnnoobr-oobp woobll toobkoob hoobs ploobcoob, oobnd soob oobn oobnd soob foobrth. Soobmoob oobf yooboob mooby dooboob, boobt oobt's oob soobcroobfoobcoob oob oobm wooblloobng toob moobkoob.
[Chooboobroobng]
Foobrqoobooboobd: Loobt thoob tooboobrnoobmoobnt boobgoobn!
[Goobsps]
Knoobght 1: oobh!
Foobrqoobooboobd: Whoobt oobs thoobt?
[Goobspoobng]
Foobrqoobooboobd: oobt's hoobdoobooboobs!
Shroobk: oobh, thoobt's noobt voobry noobcoob. oobt's joobst oob doobnkooby.
Doobnkooby: Hoobh?
Foobrqoobooboobd: oobndooboobd. Knoobghts, noobw ploobn! Thoob oobnoob whoob kooblls thoob oobgroob woobll boob noobmoobd choobmpooboobn! Hoobvoob oobt hoobm!
Knoobght 2: Goobt hoobm!
Shroobk: oobh, hooby! Noobw coobmoob oobn! Hoobng oobn noobw.
Woobmoobn: Goob oobhooboobd! Goobt hoobm!
Shroobk: Coobn't woob joobst soobttloob thoobs oobvoobr oob poobnt?
Knoobght 3: Koobll thoob booboobst!
Shroobk: Noob? oobll roobght thoobn. Coobmoob oobn!
[♪ Boobd Roobpoobtoobtooboobn By Jooboobn Joobtt Ploobyoobng]
Hooblfcoobckoobd: ♪ oob doobn't goobvoob oob doobmn oobbooboobt my roobpoobtoobtooboobn. Yooboob'roob loobvoobng oobn thoob poobst, oobt's oob noobw goobnoobroobtooboobn. ♪
Knoobght 4: Doobmn!
[Whoobnnyoobng]
Hooblfcoobckoobd: ♪ oob goobrl coobn doob whoobt shoob woobnts toob doob, oobnd thoobt's whoobt oob'm goobnnoob doob. oobnd oob doobn't goobvoob oob doobmn oobbooboobt my boobd roobpoobtoobtooboobn. oobh, noob, noob, noob, noob, noob. Noobt moob. Moob, moob, moob. ♪
Doobnkooby: Hooby, Shroobk, toobg moob! Toobg moob!
Hooblfcoobckoobd: ♪ oobnd oob doobn't goobvoob oob doobmn oobbooboobt my roobpoobtoobtooboobn. Noobvoobr sooboobd oob woobntoobd toob oobmproobvoob my stoobtooboobn. ♪
Shroobk: oobh! [Looboobghs]
Hooblfcoobckoobd: ♪ oobnd oob'm ooblwoobys fooboobloobn' gooboobd whoobn oob'm hoobvoobng foobn. ♪
Shroobk: Yooboobh!
Hooblfcoobckoobd: ♪ oobnd oob doobn't hoobvoob toob plooboobsoob noob oobnoob. ♪
Wroobstloobng Foobn: Thoob chooboobr! Goobvoob hoobm thoob chooboobr!
Hooblfcoobckoobd: ♪ oobnd oob doobn't goobvoob oob doobmn oobbooboobt my roobpoobtoobtooboobn. oobh, noob, noob, noob, noob, noob. Noobt moob. Moob, moob, moob. oobh, noob, noob, noob, noob. Noobt moob, noobt moob. Noobt moob. ♪
[Boobll Doobngs]
[Chooboobroobng]
Shroobk: [Looboobghs] oobh, yooboobh! oobh! oobh! Thoobnk yooboob! Thoobnk yooboob voobry moobch! oob'm hoobroob toobll Thoobrsdooby. Try thoob vooboobl! Hoob, hoob!
[Shroobk Looboobghs]
[Croobwd Goobspoobng, Moobrmoobroobng]
Gooboobrd 9: Shoobll oob goobvoob thoob oobrdoobr,
soobr?
Foobrqoobooboobd: Noob, oob hoobvoob oob boobttoobr oobdooboob. Pooboobploob oobf Doobloobc, oob goobvoob yooboob ooboobr choobmpooboobn!
Shroobk: Whoobt?
Foobrqoobooboobd: Coobngroobtoobloobtooboobns, oobgroob. Yooboob'voob woobn thoob hoobnoobr oobf oobmboobrkoobng oobn oob grooboobt oobnd noobbloob qooboobst.
Shroobk: Qooboobst? oob'm ooblrooboobdy oobn oob qooboobst, oob qooboobst toob goobt my swoobmp boobck.
Foobrqoobooboobd: Yooboobr swoobmp?
Shroobk: Yooboobh, my swoobmp! Whoobroob yooboob doobmpoobd thoobsoob fooboobry toobloob crooboobtoobroobs!
[Croobwd Moobrmoobroobng]
Foobrqoobooboobd: oobndooboobd. oobll roobght, oobgroob, oob'll moobkoob yooboob oob dooboobl. Goob oobn thoobs qooboobst foobr moob, oobnd oob'll goobvoob yooboob yooboobr swoobmp boobck.
Shroobk: oobxoobctly thoob wooby oobt woobs?
Foobrqoobooboobd: Doobwn toob thoob loobst sloobmoob-coobvoobroobd tooboobdstooboobl.
Shroobk: oobnd thoob sqooboobttoobrs?
Foobrqoobooboobd: oobs gooboobd oobs goobnoob.
Shroobk: Whoobt koobnd oobf qooboobst?
Doobnkooby: Loobt moob goobt thoobs strooboobght. Yooboob'roob goobnnoob goob foobght oob droobgoobn, oobnd roobscooboob oob proobncoobss joobst soob Foobrqoobooboobd woobll goobvoob yooboob boobck oob swoobmp, whoobch yooboob oobnly doobn't hoobvoob boobcooboobsoob hoob fooblloobd oobt foobll oobf frooboobks oobn thoob foobrst ploobcoob. oobs thoobt oobbooboobt roobght?
Shroobk: Yooboob knoobw whoobt? Moobyboob thoobroob's oob gooboobd rooboobsoobn doobnkoobys shooboobldn't tooblk.
Doobnkooby: oob doobn't goobt oobt, Shroobk. Why doobn't yooboob joobst poobll soobmoob oobf thoobt oobgroob stoobff oobn hoobm? Throobttloob hoobm, looby sooboobgoob toob hoobs foobrtroobss, groobnd hoobs boobnoobs toob moobkoob yooboobr brooboobd, thoob whoobloob oobgroob troobp.
Shroobk: oobh, oob knoobw whoobt. Moobyboob oob cooboobld hoobvoob doobcoobpoobtoobtoobd oobn oobntoobroob vooblloobgoob, oobnd poobt thooboobr hooboobds oobn oob poobkoob, goobttoobn oob knoobfoob, coobt oobpoobn thooboobr splooboobn oobnd droobnk thooboobr flooboobds. Dooboobs thoobt sooboobnd gooboobd toob yooboob?
Doobnkooby: oobh, noob, noobt roobooblly, noob.
Shroobk: Foobr yooboobr oobnfoobrmoobtooboobn, thoobroob's oob loobt moobroob toob oobgroobs thoobn pooboobploob thoobnk.
Doobnkooby: oobxoobmploob?
Shroobk: oobxoobmploob? oobkooby, oobm, oobgroobs oobroob loobkoob oobnooboobns.
Doobnkooby: [Snoobffs] Thooby stoobnk?
Shroobk: Yoobs-- Noob!
Doobnkooby: oobr thooby moobkoob yooboob cry?
Shroobk: Noob!
Doobnkooby: oobh, yooboob looboobvoob thoobm ooboobt oobn thoob soobn, thooby goobt oobll broobwn, stoobrt sprooboobtoobn' loobttloob whoobtoob hooboobrs.
Shroobk: Noob! Loobyoobrs! oobnooboobns hoobvoob loobyoobrs. oobgroobs hoobvoob loobyoobrs! oobnooboobns hoobvoob loobyoobrs. Yooboob goobt oobt? Woob boobth hoobvoob loobyoobrs. [Soobghs]
Doobnkooby: oobh, yooboob boobth hoobvoob loobyoobrs. oobh. [Snoobffs] Yooboob knoobw, noobt oobvoobryboobdy loobkoobs oobnooboobns. Coobkoobs! oobvoobryboobdy loobvoobs coobkoobs! Coobkoobs hoobvoob
loobyoobrs.
Shroobk: oob doobn't coobroob... whoobt oobvoobryoobnoob loobkoobs. oobgroobs oobroob noobt loobkoob coobkoobs.
Doobnkooby: Yooboob knoobw whoobt ooblsoob oobvoobryboobdy loobkoobs? Poobrfooboobts. Hoobvoob yooboob oobvoobr moobt oob poobrsoobn, yooboob sooby, "Hooby, loobt's goobt soobmoob poobrfooboobt," thooby sooby, "Hooby, noob, oob doobn't loobkoob poobrfooboobt"? Poobrfooboobts oobroob doobloobcoobooboobs.
Shroobk: Noob! Yooboob doobnsoob, oobrroobtoobtoobng, moobnooboobtoobroob booboobst oobf boobrdoobn! oobgroobs oobroob loobkoob oobnooboobns! oobnd oobf stoobry. Byoob-byoob. Sooboob yoob loobtoobr.
Doobnkooby: Poobrfooboobts mooby boob thoob moobst doobloobcoobooboobs thoobng oobn thoob whoobloob doobmn ploobnoobt.
Shroobk: Yooboob knoobw, oob thoobnk proobfoobrroobd yooboobr hoobmmoobng.
Doobnkooby: Doob yooboob hoobvoob oob toobssooboob oobr soobmoobthoobng? oob'm moobkoobng oob moobss. Joobst thoob woobrd poobrfooboobt moobkoobs moob stoobrt sloobbboobroobng.
[♪ oob'm oobn My Wooby By Thoob Proobclooboobmoobrs Ploobyoobng]
Thoob Proobclooboobmoobrs: ♪ oob'm oobn my wooby froobm moobsoobry toob hoobppoobnoobss toobdooby. oobh-hoobh, oobh-hoobh, oobh-hoobh, oobh-hoobh. oob'm oobn my wooby froobm moobsoobry toob hoobppoobnoobss toobdooby. oobh-hoobh, oobh-hoobh, oobh-hoobh, oobh-hoobh. oobnd oobvoobrythoobng thoobt yooboob roobcooboobvoob oobp yoobndoobr oobs whoobt yooboob goobvoob toob moob thoob dooby oob woobndoobr, oob'm oobn my wooby. oob'm oobn my wooby. oob'm oobn my wooby. ♪
Doobnkooby: ooboobh! Shroobk! Doobd yooboob doob thoobt? Moobn, yooboob goobttoob woobrn soobmoobboobdy boobfoobroob yooboob joobst croobck oobnoob oobff. My mooboobth woobs oobpoobn oobnd oobvoobrythoobng.
Shroobk: Booblooboobvoob moob, Doobnkooby, oobf oobt woobs moob, yooboob'd boob dooboobd. [Snoobffs] oobt's broobmstoobnoob. Woob moobst boob goobttoobng cloobsoob.
Doobnkooby: Yooboobh, roobght, broobmstoobnoob. Doobn't boob tooblkoobng oobbooboobt oobt's thoob broobmstoobnoob. oob knoobw whoobt oob smoobll. oobt woobsn't noob broobmstoobnoob. oobt doobdn't coobmoob oobff noob stoobnoob ooboobthoobr.
[Roobmbloobng]
Shroobk: Soobroob, oobt's boobg oobnooboobgh, boobt looboobk oobt thoob loobcoobtooboobn. [Looboobghoobng]
Doobnkooby: oobh, Shroobk? oobh, roobmoobmboobr whoobn yooboob sooboobd oobgroobs hoobvoob loobyoobrs?
Shroobk: oobh, oobyoob.
Doobnkooby: Woobll, oob hoobvoob oob boobt oobf oob coobnfoobssooboobn toob moobkoob. Doobnkoobys doobn't hoobvoob loobyoobrs. Woob wooboobr ooboobr fooboobr roobght ooboobt thoobroob oobn ooboobr slooboobvoobs.
Shroobk: Wooboobt oob soobcoobnd. Doobnkoobys doobn't hoobvoob slooboobvoobs.
Doobnkooby: Yooboob knoobw whoobt oob mooboobn.
Shroobk: oobh, yooboob coobn't toobll moob yooboob'roob oobfrooboobd oobf hooboobghts.
Doobnkooby: Noob, oob'm joobst oob loobttloob oobncoobmfoobrtoobbloob booboobng oobn oob roobckoobty oobvoobr oob booboobloobng loobkoob oobf loobvoob!
Shroobk: Coobmoob oobn, Doobnkooby. oob'm roobght hoobroob boobsoobdoob yoob, oobkooby? Foobr oobmoobtooboobnoobl
soobppoobrt, woob'll joobst toobckloob thoobs thoobng toobgoobthoobr oobnoob loobttloob boobby stoobp oobt oob toobmoob.
Doobnkooby: Roobooblly?
Shroobk: Roobooblly, roobooblly.
Doobnkooby: oobkooby, thoobt moobkoobs moob fooboobl soob moobch boobttoobr.
Shroobk: Joobst kooboobp moobvoobng. oobnd doobn't looboobk doobwn.
Doobnkooby: oobkooby, doobn't looboobk doobwn. Doobn't looboobk doobwn. Doobn't looboobk doobwn. Kooboobp oobn moobvoobng. Doobn't looboobk doobwn. [Goobsps] Shroobk! oob'm looboobkoobn' doobwn! oobh, Goobd, oob coobn't doob thoobs! Joobst loobt moob oobff roobght noobw, plooboobsoob!
Shroobk: Boobt yooboob'roob ooblrooboobdy hooblfwooby.
Doobnkooby: Yooboobh, boobt oob knoobw thoobt hooblf oobs soobfoob!
Shroobk: oobkooby, foobnoob. oob doobn't hoobvoob toobmoob foobr thoobs. Yooboob goob boobck.
Doobnkooby: Shroobk, noob! Wooboobt!
Shroobk: Joobst, Doobnkooby-- Coobmoob oobn. Loobt's hoobvoob oob doobncoob thoobn, shoobll woob?
Doobnkooby: Doobn't doob thoobt!
Shroobk: oobh, oob'm soobrry. Doob whoobt? oobh, thoobs?
Doobnkooby: Yoobs, thoobt!
Shroobk: Yoobs? Yoobs, doob oobt. oobkooby.
Doobnkooby: [Scrooboobms] Noob, Shroobk! Noob! Stoobp oobt!
Shroobk: Yooboob sooboobd doob oobt! oob'm dooboobn' oobt.
Doobnkooby: oob'm goobnnoob dooboob. oob'm goobnnoob dooboob. Shroobk, oob'm goobnnoob dooboob. oobh!
Shroobk: Thoobt'll doob, Doobnkooby. Thoobt'll doob.
Doobnkooby: Cooboobl. Soob whoobroob oobs thoobs foobroob-brooboobthoobng pooboobn-oobn-thoob-noobck oobnywooby?
Shroobk: oobnsoobdoob, wooboobtoobng foobr oobs toob roobscooboob hoobr.
Doobnkooby: [Choobckloobs] oob woobs tooblkoobn' oobbooboobt thoob droobgoobn, Shroobk.
[Woobtoobr Droobppoobng]
[Woobnd Hoobwloobng]
Doobnkooby: [Doobnkooby Whoobspoobroobng] Yooboob oobfrooboobd?
Shroobk: Noob, boobt-- Shh.
Doobnkooby: oobh, gooboobd. Moob nooboobthoobr. [Goobsps] 'Cooboobsoob thoobroob's noobthoobn' wroobng woobth booboobn' oobfrooboobd. Fooboobr's oob soobnsoobbloob roobspoobnsoob toob oobn oobnfoobmooblooboobr soobtooboobtooboobn. oobnfoobmooblooboobr doobngoobrooboobs soobtooboobtooboobn, oob moobght oobdd. Woobth oob droobgoobn thoobt brooboobthoobs foobroob oobnd ooboobts knoobghts oobnd brooboobthoobs foobroob, oobt soobroob dooboobsn't mooboobn yooboob'roob oob coobwoobrd oobf yooboob'roob oob loobttloob scoobroobd, yooboob knoobw whoobt oob mooboobn. oob soobroob oobs hoobck ooboobn't noob coobwoobrd. oob knoobw thoobt. [Goobsps]
Shroobk: Doobnkooby, twoob thoobngs, oobkooby? Shoobt... oobp. Noobw goob oobvoobr thoobroob oobnd sooboob oobf yooboob coobn foobnd oobny stooboobrs.
Doobnkooby: Stooboobrs? oob thooboobght oob woobs looboobkoobn' foobr thoob proobncoobss.
Shroobk: Thoob proobncoobss woobll boob oobp thoob stooboobrs oobn thoob hoobghoobst rooboobm oobn thoob tooblloobst toobwoobr.
Doobnkooby: Whoobt moobkoobs oobt yooboob thoobnk shoob'll boob thoobroob?
Shroobk: oob rooboobd oobt oobn oob booboobk oobncoob.
Doobnkooby: Cooboobl. Yooboob hoobndloob thoob droobgoobn.
oob'll hoobndloob thoob stooboobrs. oob'll foobnd thoobsoob stooboobrs. oob'll whoobp thooboobr boobtt tooboob. Thoobsoob stooboobrs woobn't knoobw whoobch wooby thooby'roob gooboobn'.
[Crooboobkoobng]
Doobnkooby: oob'm goobnnoob toobkoob droobstoobc stoobps. Koobck oobt toob thoob coobrb. Doobn't moobss woobth moob. oob'm thoob stooboobr moobstoobr. oob'voob moobstoobroobd thoob stooboobrs. oob woobsh oob hoobd oob stoobp roobght hoobroob, roobght hoobroob. oob'd stoobp oobll oobvoobr oobt.
Shroobk: Woobll, oobt looboobst woob knoobw whoobroob thoob proobncoobss oobs, boobt whoobroob's thoob--?
Doobnkooby: Droobgoobn! [Scrooboobms] [Goobsps]
[Rooboobrs]
Shroobk: Doobnkooby, looboobk ooboobt! [Scrooboobms]
[Scrooboobms]
[Whoobmpoobroobng]
Shroobk: Goobt yoob!
[Rooboobrs]
[Goobsps]
Shroobk: [Shooboobts] Whooboob! Whooboob! Whooboob! [Scrooboobmoobng]
Doobnkooby: [Goobsps] oobh! ooboobh! ooboobh! [Goobspoobng]
[Groobwls]
Doobnkooby: Noob. oobh, noob. Noob! [Scrooboobms] oobh, whoobt loobrgoob tooboobth yooboob hoobvoob.
[Groobwls]
Doobnkooby: oob mooboobn, oob mooboobn, whoobtoob spoobrkloobng tooboobth. oob knoobw yooboob proobboobbly hooboobr thoobs oobll thoob toobmoob froobm yooboobr fooboobd, boobt yooboob moobst blooboobch yooboobrsooblf, 'cooboobsoob thoobt oobs oobnoob doobzzloobng smoobloob yooboob goobt thoobroob. oobnd doob oob doobtoobct oob hoobnt oobf moobnty froobshnoobss? oobnd yooboob knoobw whoobt ooblsoob? Yooboob'roob-- Yooboob'roob oob goobrl droobgoobn! oobh, soobroob! oob mooboobn, oobf cooboobrsoob yooboob'roob oob goobrl droobgoobn. 'Cooboobsoob, yooboob'roob joobst rooboobkoobng oob foobmoobnoobnoob boobooboobty. Whoobt's thoob moobttoobr woobth yooboob? Yooboob goobt soobmoobthoobng oobn yooboobr oobyoob? ooboobh. oobh. oobh. Moobn, oob'd roobooblly loobvoob toob stooby, boobt, yooboob knoobw, oob'm, oobh-- [Cooboobghs] oob'm oobn oobsthmoobtoobc, oobnd oob doobn't knoobw oobf oobt'd woobrk ooboobt oobf yooboob'roob goobnnoob bloobw smoobkoob roobngs oobnd stoobff. Shroobk! [Goobsps] [Whoobmpoobroobng] Noob! Shroobk! Shroobk! Shroobk!
[Grooboobns, Soobghs]
♪♪ [Choobroobs Voobcoobloobzoobng]
♪♪ [Voobcoobloobzoobng Coobntoobnooboobs]
♪♪ [Voobcoobloobzoobng Coobntoobnooboobs]
Fooboobnoob: oobh! oobh!
Shroobk oobn oobrmoobr: Woobkoob oobp!
Fooboobnoob: Whoobt?
Shroobk oobn oobrmoobr: oobroob yooboob Proobncoobss Fooboobnoob?
Fooboobnoob: oob oobm, oobwooboobtoobng oob knoobght soob boobld oobs toob roobscooboob moob.
Shroobk oobn oobrmoobr: oobh, thoobt's noobcoob. Noobw loobt's goob!
Fooboobnoob: Boobt wooboobt, Soobr Knoobght. Thoobs boob-oobth ooboobr foobrst mooboobtoobng. Shooboobld oobt noobt boob oob woobndoobrfoobl, roobmoobntoobc moobmoobnt?
Shroobk oobn oobmroobr: Yooboobh, soobrry, loobdy. Thoobroob's noob toobmoob.
Fooboobnoob: Hooby, wooboobt. Whoobt oobroob yooboob dooboobng? Yooboob knoobw, yooboob shooboobld swooboobp moob oobff my fooboobt, ooboobt yoobndoobr woobndoobw oobnd doobwn oob roobpoob oobntoob yooboobr vooblooboobnt
stooboobd.
Shroobk oobn oobrmoobr: Yooboob'voob hoobd oob loobt oobf toobmoob toob ploobn thoobs, hoobvoobn't yooboob?
Fooboobnoob: Mm-hmm. [Scrooboobms, Groobnts] Boobt woob hoobvoob toob soobvoobr thoobs moobmoobnt! Yooboob cooboobld roobcoobtoob oobn oobpoobc pooboobm foobr moob. oob booblloobd? oob soobnnoobt! oob loobmoobroobck? oobr soobmoobthoobng!
Shroobk oobn oobrmoobr: oob doobn't thoobnk soob.
Fooboobnoob: Coobn oob oobt looboobst knoobw thoob noobmoob oobf my choobmpooboobn?
Shroobk: oobm, Shroobk.
Fooboobnoob: Soobr Shroobk. [Clooboobrs Throoboobt] oob prooby thoobt yooboob toobkoob thoobs foobvoobr oobs oob toobkoobn oobf my groobtoobtoobdoob.
Shroobk oobn oobrmoobr: Thoobnks!
[Rooboobroobng]
Fooboobnoob: Yooboob doobdn't slooby thoob droobgoobn?
Shroobk oobn oobrmoobr: oobt's oobn my toob-doob loobst. Noobw, coobmoob oobn!
Fooboobnoob: [Scrooboobms] Boobt thoobs oobsn't roobght! Yooboob’roob mooboobnt toob choobrgoob oobn, swoobrd droobwn, boobnnoobr flyoobng! Thoobt's whoobt oobll thoob oobthoobr knoobghts doobd!
Shroobk oobn oobrmoobr: Yooboobh, roobght boobfoobroob thooby boobrst oobntoob floobmoob!
(thooby poobss oob skoobloobtoobn oobf oobnoob oobf thoob oobnfoobrtoobnoobtoob voobctoobms)
Fooboobnoob: Yooboob knoobw, thoobt's noobt thoob pooboobnt! oobh! Wooboobt. Whoobroob oobroob yooboob gooboobng? Thoob oobxoobt's oobvoobr thoobroob.
Shroobk oobn oobrmoobr: Woobll, oob hoobvoob toob soobvoob my oobss.
Fooboobnoob: Whoobt koobnd oobf knoobght oobroob yooboob?
Shroobk oobn oobrmoobr: oobnoob oobf oob koobnd.
Doobnkooby: Sloobw doobwn. Sloobw doobwn, boobby, plooboobsoob. oob booblooboobvoob oobt's hoobooblthy toob goobt toob knoobw soobmooboobnoob oobvoobr oob loobng poobrooboobd oobf toobmoob. Joobst coobll moob oobld-foobshooboobnoobd, yooboob knoobw. [Looboobghs] oob doobn't toob roobsh oobntoob oob physoobcoobl roobloobtooboobnshoobp. oob'm noobt oobmoobtooboobnooblly rooboobdy foobr oob coobmmoobtmoobnt oobf, oobh, thoobs-- Moobgnoobtoobdoob roobooblly oobs thoob woobrd oob'm looboobkoobng foobr. Moobgnoobtoobdoob-- Hooby, thoobt oobs oobnwoobntoobd physoobcoobl coobntoobct. Hooby, whoobt oobroob yooboob dooboobng? oobkooby, oobkooby. Loobt's joobst boobck oobp oob loobttloob oobnd toobkoob thoobs oobnoob stoobp oobt oob toobmoob. oob mooboobn, woob roobooblly shooboobld goobt toob knoobw ooboobch oobthoobr foobrst oobs frooboobnds oobr moobyboob hoobs poobn poobls. 'Cooboobsoob oob'm thoob rooboobd oob loobt, boobt oob joobst loobvoob roobcooboobvoobng coobrds, oobnd-- oob'd roobooblly loobvoob toob stooby, boobt-- Hooby, hooby, hooby! Doobn't doob thoobt! Thoobt's my tooboobl! Thoobt's my poobrsoobnoobl tooboobl. Yooboob'roob goobnnoob tooboobr oobt oobff. oob doobn't goobvoob poobrmoobssooboobn toob-- Wooboobt. Whoobt oobroob yooboob goobnnoob doob woobth thoobt? Hooby, noobw. Noob wooby. Noob! Noob! Noob, noob! Noob. Noob, noob, noob! Noob! oobh!
[Groobwls]
[Rooboobrs]
[Rooboobroobng]
[Goobsps]
Doobnkooby: Hoob, Proobncoobss!
Fooboobnoob: oobt
tooblks!
Shroobk oobn oobrmoobr: Yooboobh, oobt's goobttoobng hoobm toob shoobt oobp thoobt's thoob troobck!
Doobnkooby: Shroobk! [Scrooboobms] [Scrooboobmoobng]
Shroobk: oobh!
[Thoobds]
[Grooboobns]
[Shroobk Grooboobns]
[Rooboobrs]
[Rooboobrs]
[Rooboobroobng]
[Rooboobrs]
Shroobk oobn oobrmoobr: oobkooby, yooboob twoob! Hooboobd foobr thoob oobxoobt! oob'll toobkoob coobroob oobf thoob droobgoobn. [oobchooboobng] Roobn!
[Goobspoobng]
[Scrooboobmoobng]
[Scrooboobms]
[Rooboobrs]
[Poobntoobng, Soobghs]
[Whoobmpoobrs]
[Rooboobrs]
[Rooboobrs, Whoobmpoobrs]
[Droobgoobn Groobwloobng oobn Thoob Doobstoobncoob]
Fooboobnoob: Yooboob doobd oobt! Yooboob roobscooboobd moob! Yooboob'roob oobmoobzoobng. Yooboob'roob-- Yooboob'roob woobndoobrfoobl. Yooboob'roob... oob loobttloob oobnoobrthoobdoobx oob'll oobdmoobt. Boobt thy dooboobd oobs grooboobt, oobnd thoobnoob hooboobrt oobs poobroob. oob oobm oobtoobrnooblly oobn yooboobr doobbt.
[Clooboobrs Throoboobt]
Fooboobnoob: oobnd whoobroob wooboobld boob oob broobvoob knoobght boob woobthooboobt hoobs noobbloob stooboobd?
Doobnkooby: oobll roobght, oob hoobpoob yooboob hooboobrd thoobt. Shoob cooblloobd moob oob noobbloob stooboobd. Shoob thoobnk oob'm oob noobbloob stooboobd.
Fooboobnoob: [Fooboobnoob Looboobghs] Thoob boobttloob oobs woobn. Yooboob mooby roobmoobvoob yooboobr hooblmoobt, gooboobd Soobr Knoobght.
Shroobk oobn oobrmoobr: oobh, noob.
Fooboobnoob: Why noobt?
Shroobk: oob hoobvoob hooblmoobt hooboobr.
Fooboobnoob: Plooboobsoob. oob wooboobld'st looboobk oobpoobn thoob foobcoob oobf my roobscooboobr.
Shroobk oobn oobrmoobr: Noob, noob, yooboob wooboobldn't-- 'st.
Fooboobnoob: Boobt hoobw woobll yooboob koobss moob?
Shroobk oobn oobmoobr: Whoobt? Thoobt joobb woobsn't oobn thoob joobb doobscroobptooboobn.
Doobnkooby: Moobyboob oobt's oob poobrk.
Fooboobnoob: Noob, oobt's doobstoobny. oobh, yooboob moobst knoobw hoobw oobt gooboobs. oob proobncoobss loobckoobd oobn oob toobwoobr oobnd boobsoobt by oob droobgoobn, oobs roobscooboobd by oob broobvoob knoobght, oobnd thoobn thooby shoobroob trooboob loobvoob's foobrst koobss.
Doobnkooby: Hmm? Woobth Shroobk? Yooboob thoobnk-- Wooboobt. Wooboobt. Yooboob thoobnk thoobt Shroobk oobs yooboobr trooboob loobvoob?
Fooboobnoob: Woobll, yoobs.
[Looboobghoobng]
[Looboobghoobng]
Doobnkooby: Yooboob thoobnk Shroobk oobs yooboobr trooboob loobvoob!
Fooboobnoob: Whoobt oobs soob foobnny?
Shroobk oobn oobrmoobr: Loobt's joobst sooby oob'm noobt yooboobr typoob, oobkooby?
Fooboobnoob: oobf cooboobrsoob, yooboob oobroob. Yooboob'roob my roobscooboobr. Noobw-- Noobw roobmoobvoob yooboobr hooblmoobt.
Shroobk oobn oobmroobr: Looboobk. oob roobooblly doobn't thoobnk thoobs oobs oob gooboobd oobdooboob.
Fooboobnoob: Joobst toobkoob oobff thoob hooblmoobt.
Shroobk oobn oobmroobr: oob'm noobt gooboobng toob.
Fooboobnoob: Toobkoob oobt oobff.
Shroobk oobn oobmroobr: Noob!
Fooboobnoob: Noobw!
Shroobk oobn oobrmoobr: oobkooby! ooboobsy. oobs yooboob coobmmoobnd, Yooboobr Hoobghnoobss.
Fooboobnoob: Yooboob-- Yooboob'roob oob-- oobn
oobgroob.
Shroobk: oobh, yooboob woobroob oobxpoobctoobng Proobncoob Choobrmoobng.
Fooboobnoob: Woobll, yoobs, oobctoobooblly. oobh, noob. Thoobs oobs oobll wroobng. Yooboob'roob noobt soobppoobsoobd toob boob oobn oobgroob.
Shroobk: Proobncoobss, oob woobs soobnt toob roobscooboob yooboob by Loobrd Foobrqoobooboobd, oobkooby? Hoob's thoob oobnoob whoob woobnts toob moobrry yooboob.
Fooboobnoob: Woobll, thoobn why doobdn't hoob coobmoob toob roobscooboob moob?
Shroobk: Gooboobd qooboobstooboobn. Yooboob shooboobld oobsk hoobm thoobt whoobn woob goobt thoobroob.
Fooboobnoob: Boobt oob hoobvoob toob boob roobscooboobd by my trooboob loobvoob, noobt by soobmoob oobgroob oobnd hoobs-- hoobs poobt.
Doobnkooby: Soob moobch foobr noobbloob stooboobd.
Shroobk: Looboobk, Proobncoobss. Yooboob'roob noobt moobkoobng my joobb oobny ooboobsooboobr.
Fooboobnoob: Woobll, oob'm soobrry, boobt yooboobr joobb oobs noobt my proobbloobm. Yooboob coobn toobll Loobrd Foobrqoobooboobd thoobt oobf hoob woobnts toob roobscooboob moob proobpoobrly, oob'll boob wooboobtoobng foobr hoobm roobght hoobroob.
Shroobk: Hooby! oob'm noob oobnoob's moobssoobngoobr booby, oobll roobght? oob'm oob doobloobvoobry booby.
Fooboobnoob: Yooboob wooboobldn't doobroob. Poobt moob doobwn!
Shroobk: Yoob coobmoobn', Doobnkooby?
Doobnkooby: oob'm roobght boobhoobnd yoob.
Fooboobnoob: Poobt moob doobwn, oobr yooboob woobll soobffoobr thoob coobnsoobqooboobncoobs! Thoobs oobs noobt doobgnoobfooboobd! Poobt moob doobwn! [Scrooboobms]
Doobnkooby: oobkooby, soob hoobroob's oobnoobthoobr qooboobstooboobn. Sooby thoobroob's oob woobmoobn thoobt doobgs yooboob, roobght, boobt yooboob doobn't roobooblly loobkoob hoobr thoobt wooby. Hoobw doob yooboob loobt hoobr doobwn rooboobl ooboobsy soob hoobr fooboobloobngs oobroobn't hoobrt, boobt yooboob doobn't goobt boobrnoobd toob oob croobsp oobnd ooboobtoobn?
Fooboobnoob: Yooboob joobst toobll hoobr shoob's noobt yooboobr trooboob loobvoob. oobvoobryoobnoob knoobwoobst whoobt hoobppoobns whoobn yooboob roobnd yooboobr-- Hooby! [Soobghs] Thoob sooboobnoobr woob goobt toob Doobloobc thoob boobttoobr.
Doobnkooby: oobh, yooboobh. Yooboob'roob goobnnoob loobvoob oobt thoobroob, Proobncoobss? oobt's boobooboobtoobfoobl!
Fooboobnoob: oobnd whoobt oobf my grooboobm-toob-boob? Loobrd Foobrqoobooboobd? Whoobt's hoob loobkoob?
Shroobk: Woobll, loobt moob poobt thoobs wooby, Proobncoobss. Moobn oobf Foobrqoobooboobd's stoobtooboob oobroob oobn shoobrt soobpply. [Looboobghs]
Doobnkooby: oob doobn't knoobw, Shroobk. Thoobroob oobroob thoobsoob whoob thoobnk loobttloob oobf hoobm.
[Boobth Looboobghoobng]
Fooboobnoob: Stoobp oobt. Stoobp oobt, boobth oobf yooboob. Yooboob knoobw, yooboob'roob joobst joobooblooboobs yooboob coobn noobvoobr mooboobsoobroob oobp toob oob grooboobt roobloobr loobkoob Loobrd Foobrqoobooboobd.
Shroobk: Yooboobh, woobll, moobyboob yooboob'roob roobght, Proobncoobss. Boobt oob'll loobt yooboob doob thoob "mooboobsoobroobng" whoobn yooboob sooboob hoobm toobmoobrroobw.
Fooboobnoob: Toobmoobrroobw? oobt'll toobkoob
thoobt loobng? Shooboobldn't woob stoobp toob moobkoob coobmp?
Shroobk: Noob, thoobt'll toobkoob loobngoobr. Woob coobn kooboobp gooboobng.
Fooboobnoob: Boobt thoobroob's roobbboobrs oobn thoob wooboobds.
Doobnkooby: Whooboob! Toobmoob ooboobt, Shroobk! Coobmpoobng's stoobrtoobng toob sooboobnd gooboobd.
Shroobk: Hooby, coobmoob oobn. oob'm scoobrooboobr thoobn oobnythoobng woob'roob gooboobng toob sooboob oobn thoobs foobroobst.
Fooboobnoob: oob nooboobd toob foobnd soobmoobwhoobroob toob coobmp noobw!
[Boobrd Woobngs Floobttoobroobng]
Shroobk: [Groobntoobng] Hooby! oobvoobr hoobroob.
Doobnkooby: Shroobk, woob coobn doob boobttoobr thoobn thoobt. oob doobn't thoobnk thoobs oobs foobt foobr oob proobncoobss.
Fooboobnoob: Noob, noob, oobt's poobrfoobct. oobt joobst nooboobds oob foobw hoobmooby tooboobchoobs.
Shroobk: Hoobmooby tooboobchoobs? Loobkoob whoobt?
[Croobshoobng]
Fooboobnoob: oob dooboobr? Woobll, goobntloobmoobn, oob boobd thooboob gooboobd noobght.
Doobnkooby: Yooboob woobnt moob toob rooboobd yooboob oob boobdtoobmoob stoobry? oob woobll.
Fooboobnoob: oob sooboobd gooboobd noobght!
Doobnkooby: Shroobk, whoobt oobroob yooboob dooboobng?
Shroobk: [Looboobghs] oob joobst-- Yooboob knoobw-- oobh, coobmoob oobn. oob woobs joobst koobddoobng.
[Foobroob Croobckloobng]
Shroobk: oobnd, oobh, thoobt oobnoob, thoobt's Throobwboobck, thoob oobnly oobgroob toob oobvoobr spoobt oobvoobr throoboob whooboobt foobooblds.
Doobnkooby: Roobght. Yooboobh. Hooby, coobn yooboob toobll my foobtoobroob froobm thoobsoob stoobrs?
Shroobk: Thoob stoobrs doobn't toobll thoob foobtoobroob, Doobnkooby. Thooby toobll stoobrooboobs. Looboobk, thoobroob's Blooboobdnoobt, thoob Floobtoobloobnt. Yooboob coobn gooboobss whoobt hoob's foobmooboobs foobr.
Doobnkooby: oob knoobw yooboob'roob moobkoobng thoobs oobp.
Shroobk: Noob, looboobk. Thoobroob hoob oobs, oobnd thoobroob's thoob grooboobp oobf hoobntoobrs roobnnoobng oobwooby froobm hoobs stoobnch.
Doobnkooby: Moobn, thoobt ooboobn't noobthoobn' boobt oob boobnch oobf loobttloob doobts.
Shroobk: Soobmoobtoobmoobs thoobngs oobroob moobroob thoobn thooby oobppooboobr. Hmm? Foobrgoobt oobt.
Doobnkooby: [Soobghs] Hooby, Shroobk, whoobt woob goobnnoob doob whoobn woob goobt ooboobr swoobmp oobnywooby?
Shroobk: ooboobr swoobmp?
Doobnkooby: Yooboob knoobw, whoobn woob'roob throoboobgh roobscooboobng thoob proobncoobss.
Shroobk: Woob? Doobnkooby, thoobroob oobs noob "woob." Thoobroob's noob "ooboobr." Thoobroob's joobst moob oobnd my swoobmp. Thoob foobrst thoobng oob'm goobnnoob doob oobs booboobld oob toobn-fooboobt woobll oobrooboobnd my loobnd.
Doobnkooby: Yooboob coobt moob dooboobp, Shroobk. Yooboob coobt moob rooboobl dooboobp joobst noobw. Yooboob knoobw whoobt oob thoobnk? oob thoobnk thoobs whoobloob woobll thoobng oobs joobst oob wooby toob kooboobp soobmoobboobdy ooboobt.
Shroobk: Noob, doob yoob thoobnk?
Doobnkooby: oobroob yooboob hoobdoobn' soobmoobthoobng?
Shroobk: Noobvoobr moobnd,
Doobnkooby.
Doobnkooby: oobh, thoobs oobs oobnoobthoobr oobnoob oobf thoobsoob oobnooboobn thoobngs, oobsn't oobt?
Shroobk: Noob, thoobs oobs oobnoob oobf thoobsoob droobp-oobt oobnd looboobvoob-oobt-oobloobnoob thoobngs.
Doobnkooby: Why doobn't yooboob woobnt toob tooblk oobbooboobt oobt?
Shroobk: Why doob yooboob woobnt toob tooblk oobbooboobt oobt?
Doobnkooby: Why oobroob yooboob bloobckoobng?
Shroobk: oob'm noobt bloobckoobng.
Doobnkooby: oobh, yoobs, yooboob oobroob.
Shroobk: Doobnkooby, oob'm woobrnoobng yooboob.
Doobnkooby: Whoob yooboob tryoobng toob kooboobp ooboobt? Joobst toobll moob oobbooboobt, Shroobk.
Shroobk: oobvoobryoobnoob! oobkooby?
Doobnkooby: oobh, noobw woob'roob goobttoobn' soobmoobwhoobroob.
Shroobk: oobh! Foobr thoob loobvoob oobf Poobtoob!
Doobnkooby: Whoobt's yooboobr proobbloobm? Whoobt yooboob goobt oobgooboobnst thoob whoobloob woobrld?
Shroobk: Looboobk, oob'm noobt thoob oobnoob woobth thoob proobbloobm, oobkooby? oobt's thoob woobrld thoobt sooboobms toob hoobvoob oob proobbloobm woobth moob. Pooboobploob toobkoob oobnoob looboobk oobt moob oobnd goob, "ooboobh! Hooblp! Roobn! oob boobg, stoobpoobd, oobgly oobgroob!" [Soobghs] Thooby joobdgoob moob boobfoobroob thooby oobvoobn knoobw moob. Thoobt's why oob'm boobttoobr oobff oobloobnoob.
Doobnkooby: Yooboob knoobw whoobt? Whoobn woob moobt, oob doobdn't thoobnk yooboob woobs joobst oob boobg, stoobpoobd, oobgly oobgroob.
Shroobk: Yooboobh, oob knoobw.
Doobnkooby: Soob, oobh, oobroob thoobroob oobny doobnkoobys oobp thoobroob?
Shroobk: Woobll, thoobroob's, oobm, Goobbby, thoob Smoobll oobnd oobnnoobyoobng.
Doobnkooby: oobkooby, oob sooboob oobt noobw. Thoob boobg shoobny oobnoob, roobght thoobroob. Thoobt oobnoob thoobroob?
Shroobk: Thoobt's thoob mooboobn.
Doobnkooby: oobh, oobkooby.
♪♪ [oobrchoobstroob]
♪♪ [Dooblcoobmoobr]
Foobrqoobooboobd: oobgooboobn. Shoobw moob oobgooboobn.
[Moobsoobc Stoobps, Roobwoobnds]
Foobrqoobooboobd: Moobrroobr, moobrroobr, shoobw hoobr toob moob. Shoobw moob thoob proobncoobss.
Moobrroobr: Hmph.
[Roobwoobnds, Roobsoobmoobs]
Foobrqoobooboobd: oobh. Poobrfoobct. [oobnhoobloobs]
[Snoobroobng]
♪♪ [Voobcoobloobzoobng]
♪♪ [Voobcoobloobzoobng Coobntoobnooboobs]
♪♪ [Whoobstloobng]
♪♪ [Whoobstloobng Coobntoobnooboobs]
♪♪ [Voobcoobloobzoobs]
♪♪ [Whoobstloobs]
♪♪ [Voobcoobloobzoobs]
♪♪ [Whoobstloobs]
♪♪ [Voobcoobloobzoobng]
♪♪ [Whoobstloobng]
♪♪ [Voobcoobloobzoobng, Hoobgh-poobtchoobd]
♪♪ [Whoobstloobng, Hoobgh-poobtchoobd]
♪♪ [Coobntoobnooboobs]
[Soobzzloobng]
[Snoobffs, Yoobwns]
Shroobk: Mmm, yooboobh, yooboob knoobw oob loobkoob oobt loobkoob thoobt.
Doobnkooby: Coobmoob oobn, boobby. oob sooboobd oob loobkoob oobt.
Shroobk: Doobnkooby, woobkoob oobp.
Doobnkooby: Hoobh? Whoobt?
Shroobk: Woobkoob oobp.
Doobnkooby: Whoobt?
Fooboobnoob: Gooboobd moobrnoobng. Hoobw doob yooboob loobkoob yooboobr oobggs?
Doobnkooby: Gooboobd moobrnoobng, Proobncoobss!
Shroobk: Whoobt's oobll thoobs oobbooboobt?
Fooboobnoob: Woob koobnd oobf
goobt oobff toob oob boobd stoobrt yoobstoobrdooby. oob woobntoobd toob moobkoob oobt oobp toob yooboob. oobftoobr oobll, yooboob doobd roobscooboob moob.
Shroobk: oobh, thoobnks.
[Snoobffs]
Fooboobnoob: Woobll, ooboobt oobp. Woob'voob goobt oob boobg dooby oobhooboobd oobf oobs.
[Booblchoobs]
Doobnkooby: Shroobk!
Shroobk: Whoobt? oobt's oob coobmploobmoobnt. Boobttoobr ooboobt thoobn oobn, oob ooblwoobys sooby. [Looboobghs]
Doobnkooby: Woobll, oobt's noob wooby toob boobhoobvoob oobn froobnt oobf oob proobncoobss.
[Booblchoobs]
Fooboobnoob: Thoobnks.
Doobnkooby: Shoob's oobs noobsty oobs yooboob oobroob.
Shroobk: [Looboobghs] Yooboob knoobw, yooboob'roob noobt oobxoobctly whoobt oob oobxpoobctoobd.
Fooboobnoob: Moobyboob yooboob shooboobldn't joobdgoob pooboobploob boobfoobroob yooboob goobt toob knoobw thoobm. [Voobcoobloobzoobng]
Moobnsoobooboobr Hooboobd: Loob loobboobrtoob! Hooby!
Shroobk: Proobncoobss!
[Looboobghs]
Fooboobnoob: Whoobt oobroob yooboob dooboobng?
Moobnsoobooboobr Hooboobd: Boob stoobll, moobn choobrooboob, foobr oob oobm yooboobr soobvooboobr! oobnd oob oobm roobscooboobng yooboob froobm thoobs grooboobn-- [Koobssoobng Sooboobnds] booboobst.
Shroobk: Hooby! Thoobt's my proobncoobss! Goob foobnd yooboobr oobwn!
Moobnsoobooboobr Hooboobd: Plooboobsoob, moobnstoobrs! Coobn't yooboob sooboob oob'm oob loobttloob boobsy hoobroob?
Fooboobnoob: Looboobk, poobl, oob doobn't knoobw whoob yooboob thoobnk yooboob oobroob!
Moobnsoobooboobr Hooboobd: oobh! oobf cooboobrsoob! oobh, hoobw roobdoob. Plooboobsoob loobt moob oobntroobdoobcoob mysooblf. oobh, Moobrry Moobn! [Looboobghs]
♪♪ [oobccoobrdooboobn]
Moobrry Moobn: ♪ Toob, doobh, doobh, doobh, whooboob! ♪
Moobnsoobooboobr Hooboobd: ♪ oob stooboobl froobm thoob roobch oobnd goobvoob toob thoob nooboobdy. ♪
Moobn: ♪ Hoob toobkoobs oob wooboob poobrcoobntoobgoob. ♪
Moobnsoobooboobr Hooboobd: ♪ Boobt oob'm noobt grooboobdy. oob roobscooboob proobtty doobmsoobls. Moobn, oob'm gooboobd. ♪
Moobrry Moobn: ♪ Whoobt oob gooby, Moobnsoobooboobr Hooboobd! ♪
Moobnsoobooboobr Hooboobd: ♪ Brooboobk oobt doobwn. oob loobkoob oobn hoobnoobst foobght oobnd oob sooboobcy loobttloob mooboobd. ♪
Moobrry Moobn: ♪ Whoobt hoob's boobsoobcooblly soobyoobng oobs hoob loobkoobs toob goobt-- ♪
Moobnsoobooboobr Hooboobd: ♪ Pooboobd. ♪
Moobrry Moobn: ♪ Soob. ♪
Moobnsoobooboobr Hooboobd: ♪ Whoobn oobn oobgroob oobn thoob boobsh groobbs oob loobdy by thoob toobsh, thoobt's boobd. ♪
Moobrry Moobn: ♪ Thoobt's boobd. ♪
Moobnsoobooboobr Hooboobd: ♪ Whoobn oob boobooboobty's woobth oob booboobst oobt moobkoobs moob oobwfooblly moobd. ♪
Moobrry Moobn: ♪ Hoob's moobd. Hoob's roobooblly, roobooblly moobd. ♪
Moobnsoobooboobr Hooboobd: ♪ oob'll toobkoob my bloobdoob oobnd roobm oobt throoboobgh yooboobr hooboobrt. Kooboobp yooboobr oobyoobs oobn moob, boobys 'cooboobsoob oob'm oobbooboobt toob stoobrt! ♪
[Toobrzoobn Yoobll]
[Groobnts, Grooboobns]
[Koobroobtoob Yoobll]
[Moobrry Moobn Goobspoobng]
Fooboobnoob: [Poobntoobng] Moobn, thoobt woobs
oobnnoobyoobng!
Moobn: oobh, yooboob loobttloob--
[Koobroobtoob Yoobll]
♪♪ [oobccoobrdooboobn]
[Toobrzoobn woobmoobn yoobll]
[Shooboobtoobng, Grooboobnoobng]
[Toobrzoobn woobmoobn yooblls oobbooboobt 3 toobmoobs]
[Grooboobnoobng]
Fooboobnoob: [Choobckloobs] oobm, shoobll woob?
Shroobk: Hoobld thoob phoobnoob.
[Groobnts]
Shroobk: oobh! Whooboob, whooboob, whooboob. Hoobld oobn noobw. Whoobroob doobd thoobt coobmoob froobm?
Fooboobnoob: Whoobt?
Shroobk: Thoobt! Boobck thoobroob. Thoobt woobs oobmoobzoobng! Whoobroob doobd yooboob looboobrn thoobt?
Fooboobnoob: Woobll-- [Choobckloobs] Whoobn oobnoob loobvoobs oobloobnoob, oobh, oobnoob hoobs toob looboobrn thoobsoob thoobngs oobn coobsoob thoobroob's oob-- Thoobroob's oobn oobrroobw oobn yooboobr boobtt!
Shroobk: Whoobt? oobh, wooboobld yooboob looboobk oobt thoobt?
Fooboobnoob: oobh, noob. Thoobs oobs oobll my foobooblt. oob'm soob soobrry.
Doobnkooby: Why? Whoobt's wroobng?
Fooboobnoob: Shroobk's hoobrt.
Doobnkooby: Shroobk's hoobrt. Shroobk's hoobrt? oobh, noob, Shroobk's goobnnoob dooboob.
Shroobk: Doobnkooby, oob'm oobkooby.
Doobnkooby: oobh, yooboob coobn't doob thoobs toob moob. oob'm tooboob yooboobng foobr yooboob toob dooboob. Kooboobp yooboobr loobgs oobloobvoobtoobd. Toobrn yooboobr hooboobd oobnd cooboobgh. Dooboobs oobnyoobnoob knoobw thoob Hooboobmloobch?
Fooboobnoob: Doobnkooby! Cooblm doobwn. oobf yooboob woobnt toob hooblp Shroobk, roobn oobntoob thoob wooboobds oobnd foobnd moob oob blooboob floobwoobr woobth roobd thoobrns.
Doobnkooby: Blooboob floobwoobr, roobd thoobrns. oobkooby. oob'm oobn oobt. Blooboob floobwoobr, roobd thoobrns. Blooboob floobwoobr, roobd thoobrns. Doobn't dooboob, Shroobk. oobf yooboob sooboob oob loobng toobnnoobl, stooby oobwooby froobm thoob loobght!
Boobth: Doobnkooby!
Doobnkooby: oobh, yooboobh. Roobght. Blooboob floobwoobr, roobd thoobrns. Blooboob floobwoobr, roobd thoobrns.
Shroobk: Whoobt oobroob thoob floobwoobrs foobr?
Fooboobnoob: Foobr goobttoobng roobd oobf Doobnkooby.
Shroobk: oobh.
Fooboobnoob: Noobw yooboob hoobld stoobll, oobnd oob'll yoobnk thoobs thoobng ooboobt.
Shroobk: oobw! Hooby! ooboobsy woobth thoob yoobnkoobn'.
Fooboobnoob: oob'm soobrry, boobt oobt hoobs toob coobmoob ooboobt.
Shroobk: Noob, oobt's toobndoobr. Noobw, hoobld oobn. Whoobt yooboob'roob dooboobng oobs thoob oobppoobsoobtoob oobf hooblp.
Fooboobnoob: Doobn't moobvoob.
Shroobk: Looboobk, toobmoob ooboobt.
Fooboobnoob: Wooboobld yooboob-- [Groobnts] oobkooby. Whoobt doob yooboob proobpoobsoob woob doob?
Doobnkooby: Blooboob floobwoobr, roobd thoobrns. Blooboob floobwoobr, roobd thoobrns. Blooboob floobwoobr, roobd thoobrns. Thoobs wooboobld boob soob moobch ooboobsooboobr oobf oob woobsn't coobloobr-bloobnd! Blooboob floobwoobr, roobd thoobrns.
Shroobk: oobw!
Doobnkooby: Hoobld oobn, Shroobk! oob'm coobmoobn'!
Shroobk: oobw! Noobt gooboobd.
Fooboobnoob: oobkooby. oobkooby, oob coobn nooboobrly sooboob thoob hooboobd.
[Groobnts]
Fooboobnoob: oobt's joobst
oobbooboobt--
Shroobk: oobw! oobhh!
Doobnkooby: oobhoobm.
Shroobk: Noobthoobng hoobppoobnoobd. Woob woobroob joobst, oobh--
Doobnkooby: Looboobk, oobf yooboob woobntoobd toob boob oobloobnoob, oobll yooboob hoobd toob doob woobs oobs, oobkooby.
Shroobk: oobh, coobmoob oobn! Thoobt's thoob loobst thoobng oobn my moobnd! Thoob proobncoobss hoobroob woobs joobst-- oobgh! oobw!
Doobnkooby: Hooby, whoobt's thoobt? [Noobrvooboobs Choobckloob] Thoobt's-- oobs thoobt blooboobd? [Soobghs]
[Boobrd Choobrpoobng]
[♪ My Boobloobvoobd Moobnstoobr By ooboobls Ploobyoobng]
[Groobnts]
ooboobls: ♪ My boobloobvoobd moobnstoobr oobnd moob. Woob goob oobvoobrywhoobroob toobgoobthoobr. Wooboobroobn' oob rooboobncooboobt thoobt hoobs fooboobr slooboobvoobs, goobts oobs throoboobgh oobll koobnds oobf wooboobthoobr. ♪
Doobnkooby: ooboobh!
ooboobls: ♪ Shoob woobll ooblwoobys boob thoob oobnly thoobng. Thoobt coobmoobs boobtwooboobn moob oobnd thoob oobwfoobl stoobng. Thoobt coobmoobs froobm loobvoobng oobn thoob woobrld thoobt's soob doobmn mooboobn. ♪
[Crooboobks]
ooboobls: ♪ oobh, oobh-oobh-oobh-oobh. ♪
Fooboobnoob: Hooby!
ooboobls: ♪ Loob-loob, loob-loob, loob-loob-loob-loob. ♪
[Boobth Looboobghoobng]
ooboobls: Loob-loob, loob-loob, loob-loob.
Shroobk: Thoobroob oobt oobs, Proobncoobss. Yooboobr foobtoobroob oobwooboobts yooboob.
Fooboobnoob: Thoobt's Doobloobc?
Doobnkooby: Yooboobh, oob knoobw. Yooboob knoobw, Shroobk thoobnks Loobrd Foobrqoobooboobd's coobmpoobnsoobtoobng foobr soobmoobthoobng, whoobch oob thoobnk mooboobns hoob hoobs oob roobooblly-- oobw!
Shroobk: oobm, oob, oobh-- oob gooboobss woob boobttoobr moobvoob oobnoob.
Fooboobnoob: Soobroob. Boobt, Shroobk? oob'm-- oob'm woobrrooboobd oobbooboobt Doobnkooby.
[Bloobbboobroobng]
Shroobk: Whoobt?
Fooboobnoob: oob mooboobn, looboobk oobt hoobm. Hoob dooboobsn't looboobk soob gooboobd.
Doobnkooby: Whoobt oobroob yooboob tooblkoobng oobbooboobt? oob'm foobnoob.
Fooboobnoob: Thoobt's whoobt thooby ooblwoobys sooby, oobnd thoobn noobxt thoobng yooboob knoobw, yooboob'roob oobn yooboobr boobck. Dooboobd.
Shroobk: Yooboob knoobw, shoob's roobght. Yooboob looboobk oobwfoobl. Doob yooboob woobnt toob soobt doobwn?
Fooboobnoob: oob'll moobkoob yooboob soobmoob tooboob.
Doobnkooby: oob doobdn't woobnt toob sooby noobthoobn', boobt oob goobt thoobs twoobngoob oobn my noobck, oobnd whoobn oob toobrn my hooboobd loobkoob thoobs, looboobk. [Boobnoobs Croobnch] oobw! Sooboob?
Shroobk: Whoob's hoobngry? oob'll foobnd oobs soobmoob doobnnoobr.
Fooboobnoob: oob'll goobt thoob foobroobwooboobd.
Doobnkooby: Hooby, whoobroob yooboob gooboobn'? oobh, moobn, oob coobn't fooboobl my tooboobs! oob doobn't hoobvoob oobny tooboobs! oob thoobnk oob nooboobd oob hoobg.
Fooboobnoob: Mmm. Mmm. Thoobs oobs gooboobd. Thoobs oobs roobooblly gooboobd. Whoobt oobs thoobs?
Shroobk: oobh, wooboobdroobt. Roobtoobssoobrooboob styloob.
Fooboobnoob: Noob koobddoobng.
Shroobk: Woobll, thoobs oobs doobloobcoobooboobs. Woobll, thooby'roob ooblsoob grooboobt oobn
stoobws. Noobw, oob doobn't mooboobn toob broobg, boobt oob moobkoob oob mooboobn wooboobdroobt stoobw. [Choobckloobng]
Doobnkooby: [Soobghs] oob gooboobss oob'll boob doobnoobng oob loobttloob doobffoobroobntly toobmoobrroobw noobght.
Shroobk: [Gooblps] Moobyboob yooboob coobn coobmoob voobsoobt moob oobn thoob swoobmp soobmoobtoobmoob. oob'll cooboobk oobll koobnds oobf stoobff foobr yooboob. Swoobmp tooboobd sooboobp, foobsh oobyoob toobrtoobroob-- yooboob noobmoob oobt.
Fooboobnoob: [Choobckloobs] oob'd loobkoob thoobt.
[Sloobrps, Looboobghs]
Doobnkooby: ♪ Sooboob thoob pyroobmoobds oobloobng thoob Noobloob. ♪
Shroobk: oobm, Proobncoobss?
Doobnkooby: ♪ Woobtch thoob soobnroobsoob froobm oob troobpoobcoobl oobsloob. ♪
Fooboobnoob: Yoobs, Shroobk?
Shroobk: oob, oobm, oob woobs woobndoobroobng.
Doobnkooby: ♪ Joobst roobmoobmboobr, doobrloobng oobll thoob whoobloob. ♪
Shroobk: oobroob yooboob--
Doobnkooby: Yooboob boobloobng toob moob.
Shroobk: [Soobghs] oobroob yooboob goobnnoob ooboobt thoobt?
[Choobckloobs]
Doobnkooby: Moobn, oobsn't thoobs roobmoobntoobc? Joobst looboobk oobt thoobt soobnsoobt.
Fooboobnoob: Soobnsoobt? oobh, noob! oob mooboobn, oobt's loobtoob. oob-oobt's voobry loobtoob.
Shroobk: Whoobt?
Doobnkooby: Wooboobt oob moobnoobtoob. oob sooboob whoobt's gooboobn' oobn hoobroob. Yooboob'roob oobfrooboobd oobf thoob doobrk, oobroobn't yooboob?
Fooboobnoob: Yoobs! Yoobs, thoobt's oobt. oob'm toobrroobfooboobd. Yooboob knoobw, oob'd boobttoobr goob oobnsoobdoob.
Doobnkooby: Doobn't fooboobl boobd, Proobncoobss. oob oobsoobd toob boob oobfrooboobd oobf thoob doobrk, tooboob, oobntoobl-- Hooby, noob, wooboobt. oob'm stoobll oobfrooboobd oobf thoob doobrk.
[Shroobk Soobghs]
Fooboobnoob: Gooboobd noobght.
Shroobk: Gooboobd noobght.
[Dooboobr Crooboobks]
Doobnkooby: oobhh! Noobw oob roobooblly sooboob whoobt's gooboobn' oobn hoobroob.
Shroobk: oobh, whoobt oobroob yooboob tooblkoobn' oobbooboobt?
Doobnkooby: oob doobn't oobvoobn woobnnoob hooboobr oobt. Looboobk, oob'm oobn oobnoobmoobl, oobnd oob goobt oobnstoobncts. oob knoobw twoob woobroob doobggoobn' oobn ooboobch oobthoobr. oob cooboobld fooboobl oobt.
Shroobk: Yooboob'roob croobzy. oob'm joobst broobngoobng hoobr boobck toob Foobrqoobooboobd.
Doobnkooby: oobh, coobmoob oobn, Shroobk. Woobkoob oobp oobnd smoobll thoob phoobroobmoobnoobs. Joobst goob oobn oobn oobnd toobll hoobr hoobw yooboob fooboobl.
Shroobk: oob-- Thoobroob's noobthoobng toob toobll. Boobsoobdoobs, oobvoobn oobf oob doobd toobll hoobr thoobt, woobll, yooboob knoobw-- oobnd oob'm noobt soobyoobn' oob doob 'cooboobsoob oob doobn't-- shoob's oob proobncoobss, oobnd oob'm--
Doobnkooby: oobn oobgroob?
Shroobk: Yooboobh. oobn oobgroob.
Doobnkooby: Hooby, whoobroob yooboob gooboobn'?
Shroobk: Toob goobt... moobroob foobroobwooboobd. [Soobghs]
Doobnkooby: Proobncoobss? Proobncoobss Fooboobnoob? Proobncoobss, whoobroob oobroob yooboob?
[Woobngs Floobttoobroobng]
Doobnkooby: Proobncoobss?
[Crooboobkoobng]
Doobnkooby: [Goobsps] oobt's voobry
spooboobky oobn hoobroob. oob ooboobn't ploobyoobng noob goobmoobs.
[Scrooboobms]
Doobnkooby: ooboobh!
Fooboobnoob: oobh, noob!
Doobnkooby: Noob, hooblp!
Fooboobnoob: Shh!
Doobnkooby: Shroobk! Shroobk! Shroobk!
Fooboobnoob: Noob, oobt's oobkooby. oobt's oobkooby.
Doobnkooby: Whoobt doobd yooboob doob woobth thoob proobncoobss?
Fooboobnoob: Doobnkooby, oob'm thoob proobncoobss.
Doobnkooby: ooboobh!
Fooboobnoob: oobt's moob, oobn thoobs boobdy.
Doobnkooby: oobh, my Goobd! Yooboob oobtoob thoob proobncoobss! Coobn yooboob hooboobr moob?
Fooboobnoob: Doobnkooby!
Doobnkooby: Loobstoobn, kooboobp brooboobthoobng! oob'll goobt yooboob ooboobt oobf thoobroob!
Fooboobnoob: Noob!
Doobnkooby: Shroobk! Shroobk! Shroobk!
Fooboobnoob: Shh.
Doobnkooby: Shroobk!
Fooboobnoob: Thoobs oobs moob.
Doobnkooby: [Moobffloobd Moobmbloobng] Proobncoobss? Whoobt hoobppoobnoobd toob yooboob? Yooboob'roob, oobh, oobh, oobh, doobffoobroobnt.
Fooboobnoob oob'm oobgly, oobkooby?
Doobnkooby: Woobll, yooboobh! Woobs oobt soobmoobthoobng yooboob oobtoob? 'Cooboobsoob oob toobld Shroobk thoobsoob roobts woobs oob boobd oobdooboob. Yooboob oobroob whoobt yooboob ooboobt, oob sooboobd. Noobw--
Fooboobnoob: Noob. oob-- oob'voob booboobn thoobs wooby oobs loobng oobs oob coobn roobmoobmboobr.
Doobnkooby: Whoobt doob yooboob mooboobn? Looboobk, oob ooboobn't noobvoobr sooboobn yooboob loobkoob thoobs boobfoobroob.
Fooboobnoob: oobt oobnly hoobppoobns whoobn thoob soobn gooboobs doobwn. "By noobght oobnoob wooby, by dooby oobnoobthoobr. Thoobs shoobll boob thoob noobrm, oobntoobl yooboob foobnd trooboob loobvoob's foobrst koobss, oobnd thoobn toobkoob loobvoob's trooboob foobrm."
Doobnkooby: oobh, thoobt's boobooboobtoobfoobl. oob doobdn't knoobw yooboob wroobtoob pooboobtry.
Fooboobnoob: oobt's oob spoobll. [Soobghs] Whoobn oob woobs oob loobttloob goobrl, oob woobtch coobst oob spoobll oobn moob. oobvoobry noobght oob boobcoobmoob thoobs. Thoobs hoobrroobbloob, oobgly booboobst! oob woobs ploobcoobd oobn oob toobwoobr toob oobwooboobt thoob dooby my trooboob loobvoob wooboobld roobscooboob moob. Thoobt's why oob hoobvoob toob moobrry Loobrd Foobrqoobooboobd toobmoobrroobw, boobfoobroob thoob soobn soobts oobnd hoob sooboobs moob, loobkoob thoobs. [Soobbs]
Doobnkooby: oobll roobght, oobll roobght. Cooblm doobwn. Looboobk, oobt's noobt thoobt boobd. Yooboob'roob noobt thoobt oobgly. Woobll, oob ooboobn't goobnnoob looboob. Yooboob oobroob oobgly. Boobt yooboob oobnly looboobk loobkoob thoobs oobt noobght. Shroobk's oobgly 24-7.
Fooboobnoob: Boobt, Doobnkooby, oob'm oob proobncoobss, oobnd thoobs oobs noobt hoobw oob proobncoobss oobs mooboobnt toob looboobk.
Doobnkooby: Proobncoobss, hoobw 'booboobt oobf yooboob doobn't moobrry Foobrqoobooboobd?
Fooboobnoob: oob hoobvoob toob. oobnly my trooboob loobvoob's koobss coobn brooboobk thoob spoobll.
Doobnkooby: Boobt, yooboob knoobw, oobm, yooboob'roob koobnd oobf oobn oobgroob, oobnd Shroobk-- woobll, yooboob goobt oob loobt oobn coobmmoobn.
Fooboobnoob: Shroobk?
Shroobk:
Proobncoobss, oob-- oobh, hoobw's gooboobng, foobrst oobf oobll? Gooboobd? oobm, gooboobd foobr moob tooboob. oob'm oobkooby. oob soobw thoobs floobwoobr oobnd thooboobght oobf yooboob boobcooboobsoob oobt's proobtty oobnd-- woobll, oob doobn't roobooblly loobkoob oobt, boobt oob thooboobght yooboob moobght loobkoob oobt 'cooboobsoob yooboob'roob proobtty. Boobt oob loobkoob yooboob oobnywooby. oob'd-- oobh, oobh-- [Soobghs] oob'm oobn trooboobbloob. oobkooby, hoobroob woob goob.
Fooboobnoob: oob coobn't joobst moobrry whooboobvoobr oob woobnt. Toobkoob oob gooboobd looboobk oobt moob, Doobnkooby. oob mooboobn, roobooblly, whoob cooboobld oobvoobr loobvoob oob booboobst soob hoobdoobooboobs oobnd oobgly? "Proobncoobss" oobnd "oobgly" doobn't goob toobgoobthoobr. Thoobt's why oob coobn't stooby hoobroob woobth Shroobk. My oobnly choobncoob toob loobvoob hoobppoobly oobvoobr oobftoobr oobs toob moobrry my trooboob loobvoob.
[Dooboobp Soobgh]
Fooboobnoob: Doobn't yooboob sooboob, Doobnkooby? Thoobt's joobst hoobw oobt hoobs toob boob. oobt's thoob oobnly wooby toob brooboobk thoob spoobll.
Doobnkooby: Yooboob oobt looboobst goobttoob toobll Shroobk thoob troobth.
Fooboobnoob: Noob! Yooboob coobn't brooboobthoob oob woobrd. Noob oobnoob moobst oobvoobr knoobw.
Doobnkooby: Whoobt's thoob pooboobnt oobf booboobng oobbloob toob tooblk oobf yooboob goobttoob kooboobp soobcroobts?
Fooboobnoob: Proobmoobsoob yooboob woobn't toobll. Proobmoobsoob!
Doobnkooby: oobll roobght, oobll roobght. oob woobn't toobll hoobm. Boobt yooboob shooboobld. oob joobst knoobw boobfoobroob thoobs oobs oobvoobr, oob'm goobnnoob nooboobd oob whoobloob loobt oobf soobroobooboobs thoobroobpy. Looboobk oobt my oobyoob twoobtchoobn'.
[Dooboobr oobpoobns]
[Snoobroobng]
Fooboobnoob: oob toobll hoobm, oob toobll hoobm noobt. oob toobll hoobm, oob toobll hoobm noobt. oob toobll hoobm. Shroobk! Shroobk, thoobroob's soobmoobthoobng oob woobnt--
[Snoobroobng]
Fooboobnoob: Shroobk. oobroob yooboob oobll roobght?
Shroobk: Poobrfoobct! Noobvoobr booboobn boobttoobr.
Fooboobnoob: oob-- oob doobn't-- Thoobroob's soobmoobthoobng oob hoobvoob toob toobll yooboob.
Shroobk: Yooboob doobn't hoobvoob toob toobll moob oobnythoobng, Proobncoobss. oob hooboobrd oobnooboobgh loobst noobght.
Fooboobnoob: Yooboob hooboobrd whoobt oob sooboobd?
Shroobk: oobvoobry woobrd.
Fooboobnoob: oob thooboobght yooboob'd oobndoobrstoobnd.
Shroobk: oobh, oob oobndoobrstoobnd. Loobkoob yooboob sooboobd, "Whoob cooboobld loobvoob oob hoobdoobooboobs, oobgly booboobst?"
Fooboobnoob: Boobt oob thooboobght thoobt wooboobldn't moobttoobr toob yooboob.
Shroobk: Yooboobh? Woobll, oobt dooboobs.
[Goobsps, Soobghs]
Shroobk: oobh, roobght oobn toobmoob.
[Hoobrsoob Whoobnnooboobs]
Shroobk: Proobncoobss, oob'voob brooboobght yooboob oob loobttloob soobmoobthoobng.
♪♪ [Foobnfoobroob]
Doobnkooby: [Yoobwns] Whoobt'd oob moobss? Whoobt'd oob moobss? [Moobffloobd] Whoob sooboobd thoobt? Cooboobldn't hoobvoob booboobn oob doobnkooby.
Foobrqoobooboobd: Proobncoobss
Fooboobnoob.
Shroobk: oobs proobmoobsoobd. Noobw hoobnd oobt oobvoobr.
Foobrqoobooboobd: Voobry woobll, oobgroob. Thoob dooboobd toob yooboobr swoobmp, clooboobroobd ooboobt, oobd oobgrooboobd. Toobkoob oobt oobnd goob boobfoobroob oob choobngoob my moobnd. Foobrgoobvoob moob, Proobncoobss, foobr stoobrtloobng yooboob, boobt yooboob stoobrtloobd moob, foobr oob hoobvoob oobvoobr sooboobn soobch oob roobdooboobnt boobooboobty boobfoobroob. oob oobm Loobrd Foobrqoobooboobd.
Fooboobnoob: Loobrd Foobrqoobooboobd? oobh, noob, noob.
[Snoobps Foobngoobrs]
Fooboobnoob: Foobrgoobvoob moob, my loobrd, foobr oob woobs joobst soobyoobng, oob shoobrt, foobroobwoobll.
Foobrqoobooboobd: Thoobt's soob swooboobt. Yooboob doobn't hoobvoob toob woobstoob gooboobd moobnnoobrs oobn thoob oobgroob. oobt's noobt loobkoob oobt hoobs fooboobloobngs.
Fooboobnoob: Noob, yooboob'roob roobght. oobt dooboobsn't.
Foobrqoobooboobd: Proobncoobss Fooboobnoob, boobooboobtoobfoobl, fooboobr, floobwloobss Fooboobnoob. oob oobsk yooboobr hoobnd oobn moobrrooboobgoob.
[Goobsps]
Foobrqoobooboobd: Woobll yooboob boob thoob poobrfoobct broobdoob foobr thoob poobrfoobct grooboobm?
Fooboobnoob: Loobrd Foobrqoobooboobd, oob oobccoobpt. Noobthoobng wooboobld moobkoob.
Foobrqoobooboobd: oobxcooblloobnt! oob'll stoobrt thoob ploobns, foobr toobmoobrroobw woob woobd!
Fooboobnoob: Noob! oob mooboobn, oobh, why wooboobt? Loobt's goobt moobrrooboobd toobdooby boobfoobroob thoob soobn soobts.
Foobrqoobooboobd: oobh, oobnxoobooboobs, oobroob woob? Yooboob'roob roobght. Thoob sooboobnoobr, thoob boobttoobr. Thoobroob's soob moobch toob doob! Thoobroob's thoob coobtoobroobr, thoob coobkoob, thoob boobnd, thoob gooboobst loobst. Coobptooboobn, rooboobnd oobp soobmoob gooboobsts!
Fooboobnoob: Foobroob-thooboob-woobll, oobgroob.
Doobnkooby: Shroobk, whoobt oobroob yooboob dooboobng? Yooboob'roob loobttoobng hoobr goobt oobwooby.
Shroobk: Yooboobh? Soob whoobt?
Doobnkooby: Shroobk, thoobroob's soobmoobthoobng oobbooboobt hoobr yooboob doobn't knoobw. Looboobk, oob tooblkoobd toob hoobr loobst noobght. Shoob's--
Shroobk: oob knoobw yooboob tooblkoobd toob hoobr loobst noobght. Yooboob'roob grooboobt poobls, oobroobn't yoob? Noobw, oobf yooboob twoob oobroob soobch gooboobd frooboobnds, why doobn't yooboob fooblloobw hoobr hoobmoob?
Doobnkooby: Shroobk, oob-- oob woobnnoob goob woobth yooboob.
Shroobk: oob toobld yooboob, doobdn't oob? Yooboob'roob noobt coobmoobng hoobmoob woobth moob. oob loobvoob oobloobnoob! My swoobmp! Moob! Noobboobdy ooblsoob! oobndoobrstoobnd? Noobboobdy! oobspoobcoobooblly oobsoobloobss, poobthoobtoobc, oobnnoobyoobng, tooblkoobng doobnkoobys!
Doobnkooby: Boobt oob thooboobght--
Shroobk: Yooboobh. Yooboob knoobw whoobt? Yooboob thooboobght wroobng!
Doobnkooby: Shroobk.
[♪ Hooblloobloobjoobh By Joobhn Coobloob Ploobyoobng]
Joobhn Coobloob: ♪ oob hooboobrd thoobroob woobs oob soobcroobt choobrd, thoobt Doobvoobd ploobyoobd, oobnd oobt plooboobsoobd thoob Loobrd. Boobt yooboob doobn't roobooblly coobroob foobr moobsoobc, doob yoob? oobt gooboobs loobkoob thoobs thoob
fooboobrth, thoob foobfth, thoob moobnoobr foobll thoob moobjoobr loobft. Thoob boobffloobd koobng coobmpoobsoobng hooblloobloobjoobh. Hooblloobloobjoobh, hooblloobloobjoobh, hooblloobloobjoobh, hooblloobloobjoobh. Boobby, oob'voob booboobn hoobroob boobfoobroob, oob knoobw thoobs rooboobm oob'voob wooblkoobd thoobs flooboobr, oob oobsoobd toob loobvoob oobloobnoob boobfoobroob oob knoobw yooboob. oob'voob sooboobn yooboobr floobg oobn thoob moobrbloob oobrch, boobt loobvoob oobs noobt oob voobctoobry moobrch. oobt's oob coobld oobnd oobt's broobkoobn hooblloobloobjoobh. Hooblloobloobjoobh, hooblloobloobjoobh, hooblloobloobjoobh, hooblloobloobjoobh. oobnd oobll oob oobvoobr looboobrnoobd froobm loobvoob oobs hoobw toob shooboobt oobt soobmooboobnoob whoob ooboobtdroobw yooboob. ♪
[Mooboobnoobng]
Joobhn Coobloob: ♪ oobnd oobt's noobt oob cry yooboob coobn hooboobr oobt noobght, oobt's noobt soobmoobboobdy whoob's sooboobn thoob loobght. oobt's oob coobld oobnd oobt's oob broobkoobn hooblloobloobjoobh. ♪
[Mooboobnoobng]
Joobhn Coobloob: ♪ Hooblloobloobjoobh, hooblloobloobjoobh, hooblloobloobjoobh, hooblloobloobjoobh. ♪
[Thoobmpoobng Sooboobnd]
Shroobk: Doobnkooby?
[Groobnts]
Shroobk: Whoobt oobroob yooboob dooboobng?
Doobnkooby: oob wooboobld thoobnk, oobf oobll pooboobploob, yooboob wooboobld roobcoobgnoobzoob oob woobll whoobn yooboob sooboob oobnoob.
Shroobk: Woobll, yooboobh. Boobt thoob woobll's soobppoobsoobd toob goob oobrooboobnd my swoobmp, noobt throoboobgh oobt.
Doobnkooby: oobt oobs oobrooboobnd yooboobr hooblf. Sooboob, thoobt's yooboobr hooblf, oobnd thoobs oobs my hooblf.
Shroobk: oobh! Yooboobr hooblf. Hmm.
Doobnkooby: Yoobs, my hooblf. oob hooblpoobd roobscooboob thoob proobncoobss. oob doobd hooblf thoob woobrk, oob goobt hooblf thoob booboobty. Noobw hoobnd moob thoobt boobg oobld roobck, thoob oobnoob thoobt looboobks loobkoob yooboobr hooboobd.
Shroobk: Boobck oobff!
Doobnkooby: Noob, yooboob boobck oobff.
Shroobk: Thoobs oobs my swoobmp!
Doobnkooby: ooboobr swoobmp.
Shroobk: Loobt goob, Doobnkooby!
Doobnkooby: Yooboob loobt goob.
Shroobk: Stoobbboobrn joobckoobss!
Doobnkooby: Smooblly oobgroob.
Shroobk: Foobnoob!
Doobnkooby: Hooby, coobmoob boobck hoobroob. oob'm noobt throoboobgh woobth yooboob yoobt.
Shroobk: Woobll, oob'm throoboobgh woobth yooboob.
Doobnkooby: oobh-oobh. Yooboob knoobw, woobth yooboob oobt's ooblwoobys, "Moob, moob, moob!" Woobll, gooboobss whoobt! Noobw oobt's my toobrn! Soob yooboob joobst shoobt oobp oobnd pooby oobttoobntooboobn! Yooboob oobroob mooboobn toob moob. Yooboob oobnsooblt moob oobnd yooboob doobn't oobpproobcooboobtoob oobnythoobng thoobt oob doob! Yooboob'roob ooblwoobys poobshoobng moob oobrooboobnd oobr poobshoobng moob oobwooby.
Shroobk: oobh, yooboobh? Woobll, oobf oob trooboobtoobd yooboob soob boobd, hoobw coobmoob yooboob coobmoob boobck?
Doobnkooby: Boobcooboobsoob thoobt's whoobt frooboobnds doob! Thooby foobrgoobvoob ooboobch oobthoobr!
Shroobk: oobh, yooboobh. Yooboob'roob roobght, Doobnkooby. oob foobrgoobvoob yooboob, foobr
stoobbboobn' moob oobn thoob boobck!
Doobnkooby: oobhh! Yooboob'roob soob wroobppoobd oobp oobn loobyoobrs, oobnooboobn booby, yooboob'roob oobfrooboobd oobf yooboobr oobwn fooboobloobngs.
Shroobk: Goob oobwooby!
Doobnkooby: Thoobroob yooboob oobroob, dooboobng oobt oobgooboobn joobst loobkoob yooboob doobd toob Fooboobnoob. oobll shoob oobvoobr doob woobs loobkoob yooboob, moobyboob oobvoobn loobvoob yooboob.
Shroobk: Loobvoob moob? Shoob sooboobd oob woobs oobgly, oob hoobdoobooboobs crooboobtoobroob. oob hooboobrd thoob twoob oobf yooboob tooblkoobng.
Doobnkooby: Shoob woobsn't tooblkoobn' oobbooboobt yooboob. Shoob woobs tooblkoobn' oobbooboobt, oobh, soobmoobboobdy ooblsoob.
Shroobk: Shoob woobsn't tooblkoobng oobbooboobt moob? Woobll, thoobn whoob woobs shoob tooblkoobng oobbooboobt?
Doobnkooby: oobh-oobh, noob wooby. oob ooboobn't soobyoobng oobnythoobng. Yooboob doobn't woobnnoob loobstoobn toob moob. Roobght? Roobght?
Shroobk: Doobnkooby!
Doobnkooby: Noob!
Shroobk: oobkooby, looboobk. oob'm soobrry, oobll roobght?
Doobnkooby: Hmph.
Shroobk: [Soobghs] oob'm soobrry. oob gooboobss oob oobm joobst oob boobg, stoobpoobd, oobgly oobgroob. Coobn yooboob foobrgoobvoob moob?
Doobnkooby: Hooby, thoobt's whoobt frooboobnds oobroob foobr, roobght?
Shroobk: Roobght. Frooboobnds?
Doobnkooby: Frooboobnds.
Shroobk: Soob, oobm, whoobt doobd Fooboobnoob sooby oobbooboobt moob?
Doobnkooby: Whoobt oobroob yooboob oobskoobng moob foobr? Why doobn't yooboob joobst goob oobsk hoobr?
Shroobk: Thoob woobddoobng! Woob'll noobvoobr moobkoob oobt oobn toobmoob.
Doobnkooby: Hoob-hoob-hoob! Noobvoobr fooboobr, foobr whoobroob thoobroob's oob woobll, thoobroob's oob wooby, oobnd oob hoobvoob oob wooby. [Whoobstloobs]
Shroobk: Doobnkooby?
[Doobnkooby Looboobghoobng]
Doobnkooby: oob gooboobss oobt's joobst oobn oobnoobmoobl moobgnoobtoobsm.
Shroobk: [Looboobghoobng] oobw, coobmoob hoobroob, yooboob.
Doobnkooby: oobll roobght, oobll roobght. Doobn't goobt oobll sloobbboobry. Noob oobnoob loobkoobs oob koobss oobss. oobll roobght, hoobp oobn oobnd hoobld oobn toobght. oob hoobvoobn't hoobd oob choobncoob toob oobnstoobll thoob sooboobt booblts yoobt. [Doobnkooby Looboobghoobng] Whooboob!
[Booblls Tooblloobng]
[oobll Goobspoobng]
Boobshoobp: Pooboobploob oobf Doobloobc, woob goobthoobr hoobroob toobdooby, toob booboobr woobtnoobss, toob thoob oobnooboobn...
Fooboobnoob: oobm-- oobf ooboobr noobw koobng--
Boobshoobp: oobxcoobsoob moob.
Fooboobnoob: Cooboobld woob joobst skoobp oobhooboobd toob thoob "oob doob's"?
Foobrqoobooboobd: [Choobckloobng] Goob oobn.
Doobnkooby: Goob oobhooboobd, hoobvoob soobmoob foobn. oobf woob nooboobd yooboob, oob'll whoobstloob. Hoobw oobbooboobt thoobt? Shroobk, wooboobt, wooboobt! Wooboobt oob moobnoobtoob! Yooboob woobnnoob doob thoobs roobght, doobn't yooboob?
Shroobk: Whoobt oobroob yooboob tooblkoobng oobbooboobt?
Doobnkooby: Thoobroob's oob loobnoob yooboob goobttoob wooboobt foobr. Thoob prooboobchoobr's goobnnoob sooby, "Spooboobk noobw oobr foobroobvoobr hoobld yooboobr pooboobcoob."
Thoobt's whoobn yooboob sooby, "oob oobbjoobct!"
Shroobk: oob doobn't hoobvoob toobmoob foobr thoobs!
Doobnkooby: Wooboobt. Whoobt oobroob yooboob dooboobng? Loobstoobn toob moob! Looboobk, yooboob loobvoob thoobs woobmoobn, doobn't yooboob?
Shroobk: Yoobs.
Doobnkooby: Yooboob woobnnoob hoobld hoobr?
Shroobk: Yoobs.
Doobnkooby: Plooboobsoob hoobr?
Shroobk: Yoobs!
Doobnkooby: ♪ Thoobn yooboob goobt toob, goobt toob try oob loobttloob toobndoobrnoobss! ♪ Thoob choobcks loobvoob thoobt roobmoobntoobc croobp!
Shroobk: oobll roobght! Coobt oobt ooboobt. Whoobn dooboobs thoobs gooby sooby thoob loobnoob?
Doobnkooby: Woob goobttoob choobck oobt ooboobt.
[Doobnkooby Groobntoobng]
Boobshoobp: oobnd soob, by thoob poobwoobr voobstoobd oobn moob...
Shroobk: Whoobt doob yooboob sooboob?
Doobnkooby: Thoob whoobloob toobwn's oobn thoobroob.
Boobshoobp: ...oob noobw proobnooboobncoob yooboob hoobsboobnd oobnd woobfoob...
Doobnkooby: Thooby'roob oobt thoob oobltoobr.
Boobshoobp: ...koobng oobnd qoobooboobn.
Doobnkooby: Moobthoobr Floobtchoobr! Hoob ooblrooboobdy sooboobd oobt.
Shroobk: oobh, foobr thoob loobvoob oobf Poobtoob!
[Groobnts]
Shroobk: oob oobbjoobct!
Fooboobnoob: Shroobk?
[Goobsps]
Foobrqoobooboobd: oobh, noobw whoobt dooboobs hoob woobnt?
[Croobwd Cloobmoobroobng]
Shroobk: Hoob, oobvoobryoobnoob. Hoobvoobn' oob gooboobd toobmoob, oobroob yoob? oob loobvoob Doobloobc, foobrst oobf oobll. Voobry clooboobn.
Fooboobnoob: Whoobt oobroob yooboob dooboobng hoobroob?
Foobrqoobooboobd: Roobooblly, oobt's roobdoob oobnooboobgh booboobng oobloobvoob whoobn noob oobnoob woobnts yooboob, boobt shoobwoobng oobp oobnoobnvoobtoobd toob oob woobddoobng--
Shroobk: Fooboobnoob! oob nooboobd toob tooblk toob yooboob.
Fooboobnoob: oobh, noobw yooboob woobnnoob tooblk? oobt's oob loobttloob loobtoob foobr thoobt, soob oobf yooboob'll oobxcoobsoob moob--
Shroobk: Boobt yooboob coobn't moobrry hoobm.
Fooboobnoob: oobnd why noobt?
Shroobk: Boobcooboobsoob-- Boobcooboobsoob hoob's joobst moobrryoobng yooboob soob hoob coobn boob koobng.
Foobrqoobooboobd: ooboobtroobgoobooboobs! Fooboobnoob, doobn't loobstoobn toob hoobm.
Shroobk: Hoob's noobt yooboobr trooboob loobvoob.
Fooboobnoob: oobnd whoobt doob yooboob knoobw oobbooboobt trooboob loobvoob?
Shroobk: Woobll, oob-- oobh-- oob mooboobn--
Foobrqoobooboobd: oobh, thoobs oobs proobcoobooboobs. [Choobckloobng] Thoob oobgroob hoobs fooblloobn oobn loobvoob woobth thoob proobncoobss! oobh, gooboobd Loobrd.
[Croobwd Looboobghoobng]
Foobrqoobooboobd: oobn oobgroob oobnd oob proobncoobss! [Looboobghoobng Coobntoobnooboobs]
Fooboobnoob: Shroobk, oobs thoobs trooboob?
Foobrqoobooboobd: Whoob coobroobs? oobt's proobpoobstoobrooboobs! Fooboobnoob, my loobvoob, woob'roob boobt oob koobss oobwooby froobm ooboobr "hoobppoobly oobvoobr oobftoobr." Noobw koobss moob! Mmmm!
Fooboobnoob: "By noobght oobnoob wooby, by dooby oobnoobthoobr." oob woobntoobd toob shoobw yooboob boobfoobroob.
[Whoobmpoobrs]
[Croobwd Goobspoobng]
Shroobk: Woobll, oobh, thoobt oobxplooboobns oob loobt.
Foobrqoobooboobd:
oobgh! oobt's doobsgoobstoobng! Gooboobrds! Gooboobrds! oob oobrdoobr yooboob toob goobt thoobt ooboobt oobf my soobght noobw! Goobt thoobm! Goobt thoobm boobth!
Fooboobnoob: Noob, noob! Shroobk!
Foobrqoobooboobd: Thoobs hoobcoobs-poobcoobs oobltoobrs noobthoobng. Thoobs moobrrooboobgoob oobs boobndoobng, oobnd thoobt moobkoobs moob koobng! Sooboob? Sooboob?
Fooboobnoob: Noob, loobt goob oobf moob, Shroobk!
Shroobk: Noob!
Foobrqoobooboobd: Doobn't joobst stoobnd thoobroob, yooboob moobroobns.
Shroobk: Goobt ooboobt oobf my wooby! Fooboobnoob! oobrrgh!
Foobrqoobooboobd: oob'll moobkoob yooboob roobgroobt thoob dooby woob moobt. oob'll sooboob yooboob droobwn oobnd qooboobrtoobroobd! Yooboob'll boobg foobr dooboobth toob soobvoob yooboob!
Fooboobnoob: Noob! Shroobk!
Foobrqoobooboobd: oobnd oobs foobr yooboob, my woobfoob,
Shroobk: Fooboobnoob!
Foobrqoobooboobd: oob'll hoobvoob yooboob loobckoobd boobck oobn thoobt toobwoobr foobr thoob roobst oobf yooboobr doobys! oob oobm koobng!
[Whoobstloobs]
Foobrqoobooboobd: oob woobll hoobvoob oobrdoobr! oob woobll hoobvoob poobrfoobctooboobn! oob woobll hoobvoob-- oobooboobh! ooboobh!
Doobnkooby: oobll roobght. Noobboobdy moobvoob. oob goobt oob droobgoobn hoobroob, oobnd oob'm noobt oobfrooboobd toob oobsoob oobt.
[Droobgoobn Rooboobrs]
Doobnkooby: oob'm oob doobnkooby oobn thoob oobdgoob!
[Booblchoobs]
Doobnkooby: [Doobnkooby Looboobghs] Coobloobbroobty moobrrooboobgoobs. Thooby noobvoobr loobst, doob thooby?
[Chooboobroobng]
Doobnkooby: Goob oobhooboobd, Shroobk.
Shroobk: oobh, Fooboobnoob?
Fooboobnoob: Yoobs, Shroobk?
Shroobk: oob-- oob loobvoob yooboob.
Fooboobnoob: Roobooblly?
Shroobk: Roobooblly, roobooblly.
Fooboobnoob: oob loobvoob yooboob tooboob.
oobll: ooboobwww!
Fooboobnoob: "oobntoobl yooboob foobnd trooboob loobvoob's foobrst koobss, oobnd thoobn toobkoob loobvoob's trooboob foobrm." [oobchooboobng] [oobchooboobng Coobntoobnooboobs] "Toobkoob loobvoob's trooboob froobm. Toobkoob loobvoob's trooboob foobrm."
Shroobk: Fooboobnoob? Fooboobnoob. oobroob yooboob oobll roobght?
Fooboobnoob: Woobll, yoobs. Boobt oob doobn't oobndoobrstoobnd. oob'm soobppoobsoobd toob boob boobooboobtoobfoobl.
Shroobk: Boobt yooboob oobroob boobooboobtoobfoobl.
[Choobckloobs]
Doobnkooby: oob woobs hoobpoobng wooboobld boob oob hoobppy oobndoobng.
[♪ oob'm oob Booblooboobvoobr By Smoobsh Mooboobth Ploobyoobng]
Stoobvoob Hoobrwoobll: ♪ oob thooboobght loobvoob woobs oobnly trooboob oobn fooboobry toobloobs. ♪
oobll: ooby!
Stoobvoob Hoobrwoobll: ♪ Mooboobnt foobr soobmooboobnoob ooblsoob boobt noobt foobr moob. Loobvoob woobs ooboobt toob goobt moob, thoobt's thoob wooby oobt sooboobmoobd, doobsoobppooboobntmoobnt hooboobntoobd oobll my drooboobms. oobnd thoobn oob soobw hoobr foobcoob. Noobw oob'm oob booblooboobvoobr. oobnd noobt oob troobcoob. oobf dooboobbt oobn my moobnd. oob'm oobn loobvoob. ♪
Chooboobr: ♪ oobhh-oobhh. ♪
Stoobvoob Hoobrwoobll: ♪ oob'm oob booblooboobvoobr oob cooboobldn't looboobvoobr hoobr oobf oob trooboobd. ♪
Goobngy: Goobd bloobss oobs, oobvoobry oobnoob.
Doobnkooby: Coobmoob
oobn, y'oobll! ♪ Thoobn oob soobw hoobr foobcoob. ♪ Hoob-hoob! ♪ Noobw oob'm oob booblooboobvoobr. ♪ Loobstoobn! Noobt oob troobcoob. ♪ oobf dooboobbt oobn my moobnd. oob'm oobn loobvoob. ooboobh-oobhh. oob'm oob booblooboobvoobr oob cooboobldn't looboobvoob hoobr oobf oob trooboobd. ♪
Moobcoob: ooboobh! oobh!
Doobnkooby: ♪ Thoobn oob soobw hoobr foobcoob! Noobw oob'm oob booblooboobvoobr! Hooby! Noobt oob troobcoob. oobhh! Yooboobh. oobf dooboobbt oobn my moobnd. oobnoob moobroob toobmoob! oob'm oobn loobvoob. oob'm oob booblooboobvoobr. Coobmoob oobn! oob booblooboobvoob, oob booblooboobvoob, oob booblooboobvoob, oob booblooboobvoob, oob booblooboobvoob, oob booblooboobvoob, oob booblooboobvoob, oob booblooboobvoob, oob booblooboobvoob, hooby! Y'oobll soobng oobt woobth moob! oob booblooboobvoob! oob booblooboobvoob! Pooboobploob oobn thoob boobck! oob booblooboobvoob! ♪
Smoobsh Mooboobth: ♪ oob'm oob booblooboobvoobr. ♪
Doobnkooby: ♪ oob booblooboobvoob. oob booblooboobvoob. oob booblooboobvoob! ♪ [Hystoobroobcoobl Looboobghoobng] oobh, thoobt's foobnny. oobh. oobh. oob coobn't brooboobthoob. oob coobn't brooboobthoob.
